1 a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films
0 apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
0 they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
1 this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
1 jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
1 campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
0 a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
1 béart and berling are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .
0 a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
0 the film is strictly routine .
1 a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
0 the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 's the scarlet letter .
0 for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -lrb- sci-fi -rrb- rehash .
1 this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
1 may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
1 there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
0 if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
1 as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
0 final verdict : you 've seen it all before .
0 blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
0 you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
1 a slick , engrossing melodrama .
0 a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
0 will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
0 lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
1 the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
1 the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
0 too bad .
1 a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .
0 gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
0 a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
1 a fun ride .
1 an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
1 ` what 's the russian word for wow !? '
1 otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
0 lurid and less than lucid work .
0 with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
0 i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .
1 overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
1 you live the mood rather than savour the story .
1 the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
1 some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
1 it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
0 while american adobo has its heart -lrb- and its palate -rrb- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
1 unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .
0 and it 's a lousy one at that .
1 it 's not too fast and not too slow .
1 it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
1 it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
1 compellingly watchable .
0 despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .
1 though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
1 not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .
1 it 's worth taking the kids to .
0 without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
1 dense , exhilarating documentary .
0 ... feels as if -lrb- there 's -rrb- a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
1 poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
1 methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
1 though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
1 superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
1 a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
1 it 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
1 the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting .
1 admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
0 not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '
0 an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
0 becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .
1 could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ?
1 this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .
0 more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
1 cho 's timing is priceless .
1 criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
1 there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
1 what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
1 nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
1 the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
0 it 's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
0 jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
0 ... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
0 over and over again .
1 nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
0 this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
0 ... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
0 the drama discloses almost nothing .
0 a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
1 isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
1 like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest .
1 perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
0 this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
1 ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
1 this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
1 playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant .
0 the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
1 it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
1 leigh makes these lives count .
1 ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
1 the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
1 i could n't recommend this film more .
0 an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn .
0 you can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
0 a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
1 a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
1 it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
0 why ?
0 and that is where ararat went astray .
1 vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
0 clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
0 sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
1 it 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
1 its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
0 a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .
0 i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
0 this is no `` waterboy ! ''
1 but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
1 baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
1 the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .
1 uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
0 the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
0 it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
0 he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
1 by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
1 the re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
0 i 've never seen -lrb- a remake -rrb- do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...
1 those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .
1 mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
1 this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ...
1 my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .
0 the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
1 it may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .
0 suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
0 the movie is well done , but slow .
0 the master of disguise is awful .
1 the film is one of the year 's best .
1 one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
0 the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
0 the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
0 `` looking for leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
0 the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
0 ... one resurrection too many .
1 oh , look at that clever angle !
0 no , i hate it .
1 for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
1 the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .
0 the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
1 the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed .
1 a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
1 an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
0 contrived pastiche of caper clichés .
1 a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
1 steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
1 kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
1 not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
1 the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed .
0 if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
1 for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
0 scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .
0 this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
1 by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
0 ... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
0 the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
0 essentially `` fatal attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
0 it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
0 ` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
1 even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
0 lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
1 every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .
1 the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
0 coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .
0 as pedestrian as they come .
0 why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ?
0 sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
1 that 's fun for kids of any age .
1 raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .
1 a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
1 a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
1 the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
0 the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
0 chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
1 the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
0 -lrb- the kid 's -rrb- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
1 contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
1 there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
0 the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .
1 the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
1 the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
1 with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
1 funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
0 every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
0 unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
1 schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
1 that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
1 you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
1 the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .
0 there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
0 translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . '
1 return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
0 it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
1 caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
1 a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
0 oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
1 the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
0 the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -lrb- the characters ' -rrb- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
1 the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
1 the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
0 i also believe that resident evil is not it .
1 offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
1 meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
1 while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
1 not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
0 ... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
0 death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
1 spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than -lrb- total recall and blade runner -rrb- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
0 hart 's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
1 smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
0 offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
0 i 'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
0 the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
1 the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
1 these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that .
0 with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
0 the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
1 cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .
1 much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .
1 one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
1 light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
1 it 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
0 sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
0 high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
1 nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .
1 bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
1 the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
0 shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
0 this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
0 there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... -lrb- b -rrb- ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
1 for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .
1 it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .
1 -lrb- reno -rrb- delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
1 rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
1 more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
1 it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .
1 never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
0 if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
1 she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
1 this is an interesting movie ! ''
0 it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
0 the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
0 the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon\/bourne or his predicament .
0 like a can of 2-day old coke .
1 this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
0 yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't .
0 that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
1 if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
1 drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
1 the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .
0 it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
0 nothing about this movie works .
1 a solidly entertaining little film .
1 -lrb- `` safe conduct '' -rrb- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .
1 although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
0 a hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
1 this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
0 hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
1 it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
1 a flawed but engrossing thriller .
0 never comes together as a coherent whole .
0 a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
1 what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
0 like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
1 it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
1 one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
0 not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
0 i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x.
1 the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
0 a rip-off twice removed , modeled after -lrb- seagal 's -rrb- earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
1 ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
0 that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ''
0 but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
1 if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
1 generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
1 the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
1 those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
1 an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
1 would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . '
1 if you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .
0 no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
1 woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
1 the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
1 it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
1 paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
0 the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
0 the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .
0 amazingly lame .
0 not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
1 garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .
1 -- but certainly hard to hate .
1 finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
0 parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
1 the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
0 a cockeyed shot all the way .
0 clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .
0 a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy .
1 a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
0 about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
0 it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
1 give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
0 enough said , except : film overboard !
1 a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
1 while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .
0 a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films .
1 combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ?
0 if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
0 the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
0 i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
0 not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
1 an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
1 the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .
0 ... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
1 if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
0 the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
0 suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
0 it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
0 it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
1 the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
1 a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
1 a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
1 does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
1 a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
0 a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
0 quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
0 i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
0 in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
1 it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
1 it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes .
1 boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .
1 wow .
0 if disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
0 been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
0 an infuriating film .
1 a film with a great premise but only a great premise .
0 seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
0 a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
0 the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
1 by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
0 soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
1 what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
1 sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
1 it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
0 a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
1 the movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
0 while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
1 originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
0 like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
1 the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
1 a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
1 strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
0 a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
0 yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
0 the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
1 peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .
1 manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
0 the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
0 it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
1 despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .
0 that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
1 a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
1 australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
1 `` mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
0 lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .
0 rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
0 it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
0 yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
0 you may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
1 mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
0 more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
0 the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
1 fun and nimble .
0 when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
0 the movie is a desperate miscalculation .
0 what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
0 plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
0 what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
1 polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
0 the main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
1 the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
1 it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
1 if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
1 top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
1 roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie .
0 an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson .
1 confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
0 the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
1 takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
0 ` moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
1 the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
0 the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears . ''
1 a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
1 a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
0 a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
0 since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
1 leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
0 the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
0 i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
0 -lrb- a -rrb- boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
0 once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
1 with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
1 about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
1 it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
1 - i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
1 the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
0 for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league .
1 juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
0 most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
1 a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .
1 woody allen has really found his groove these days .
0 the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
1 delirious fun .
0 what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
0 ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
0 director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .
0 mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
1 what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
0 it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
1 entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
0 what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
1 with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
1 it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
0 for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
0 with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
1 clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
1 happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
0 tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
1 a compelling film .
1 the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
1 it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
1 most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .
0 cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .
0 a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
0 ... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
1 with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .
1 a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
0 men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .
0 there 's nothing to gain from watching they .
0 debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .
1 your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
0 an absurdist spider web .
1 a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .
0 rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .
1 an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
0 stay away .
0 contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
0 skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .
1 beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
1 if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
1 the film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
0 the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
1 it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .
0 should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
0 decent but dull .
0 get out your pooper-scoopers .
0 humor in i spy is so anemic .
1 at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .
1 try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
1 if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on .
0 there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
1 this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
0 this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
0 technically and artistically inept .
0 ... overly melodramatic ...
0 trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
0 ... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
0 in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
1 allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
0 highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
0 the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .
0 the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
1 a big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
1 an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
0 even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
1 deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .
0 a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
0 not once does it come close to being exciting .
0 it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .
0 the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
1 ... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
0 a noble failure .
1 much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
0 there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
0 any rock pile will do for a set .
1 the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
1 a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
0 marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
0 this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
1 in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
0 in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
1 while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
1 the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time .
0 unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
1 an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
1 a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
0 a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
1 mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .
0 what 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
0 stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
1 ` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
1 late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
1 remember it .
1 thoroughly enjoyable .
1 begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
1 the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .
1 you 'll end up moved .
1 i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .
0 while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
1 a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
1 it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .
1 the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
1 but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
0 narc is all menace and atmosphere .
0 there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
0 -lrb- stevens is -rrb- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
0 kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
0 it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
0 being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
1 that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
1 hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
0 when -lrb- reno -rrb- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
0 never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
0 despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
1 while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
1 paul bettany is cool .
0 collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
1 it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
0 the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
1 when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
0 the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny .
0 one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
1 a modestly surprising movie .
0 it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard -lrb- eileen walsh -rrb- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
1 as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
1 to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
0 with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
0 confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
1 it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
1 a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
0 this franchise has not spawned a single good film .
1 a taut , sobering film .
0 ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
0 just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
1 what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
0 claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
1 surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
0 woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?
0 although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
0 makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
0 the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
0 shame on writer\/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
1 spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods .
0 like the hanks character , he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
1 a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
1 ... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -lrb- the way chekhov is funny -rrb- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
0 paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
0 the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
1 in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
1 there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
1 it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
1 special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
0 taken outside the context of the current political climate -lrb- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -rrb-
0 a little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
0 writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
1 a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
1 one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
0 an almost unbearably morbid love story .
0 a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
0 if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .
1 there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
1 implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .
1 very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
0 impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .
1 moving and vibrant .
1 jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
1 hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
0 may puzzle his most ardent fans .
0 in other words , it 's badder than bad .
1 may prove to be -lrb- tsai 's -rrb- masterpiece .
1 one of the best , most understated performances of -lrb- jack nicholson 's -rrb- career .
0 after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
0 the master of disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
0 shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -lrb- but -rrb- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
0 but it was n't .
1 foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
0 in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
1 well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
0 a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
0 there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
0 frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .
0 follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
1 scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
1 keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
1 like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
0 a lame comedy .
1 deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
1 morvern rocks .
1 a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
0 when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
0 illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
1 as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
1 a film of quiet power .
0 overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
1 zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
1 because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .
1 it 's a very valuable film ...
0 bad movie .
0 just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
1 the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges .
0 the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .
0 an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
0 it 's pauly shore awful .
1 , `` they 're out there ! ''
0 a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .
0 what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
1 oh , james !
1 got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2 - hour , dissipated length .
1 an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
0 an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
1 a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
1 it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
1 a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
1 it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
0 how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
0 the film did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side .
1 exciting documentary .
1 at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
1 a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
0 her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
0 the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
1 gives everyone something to shout about .
1 it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
1 the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
1 deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
1 as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
0 though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
1 jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
1 reassuring , retro uplifter .
1 the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .
1 there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .
1 this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
1 much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart .
0 a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
0 what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
0 a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .
1 the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
1 drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
0 to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !
0 take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
0 the audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
1 the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
1 too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -lrb- and better -rrb- than pink floyd tickets .
0 you expect more from director michael apted -lrb- enigma -rrb- and screenwriter nicholas kazan -lrb- reversal of fortune -rrb- than this cliche pileup .
0 director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
0 a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
1 a moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states .
0 everything is off .
1 working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
0 pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
1 mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
0 i ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
0 it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .
1 each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
0 there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .
0 what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
1 i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
0 some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
1 beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
1 nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
1 bring tissues .
1 an enthralling , entertaining feature .
1 as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
1 well-made but mush-hearted .
1 labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
1 assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
1 a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
1 filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
0 despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
1 a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
0 ... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
1 although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
0 a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
1 a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
1 with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .
0 by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
1 it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
1 i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
0 what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
0 in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
0 the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
0 the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
0 if we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
0 i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
0 i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake .
1 `` nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .
1 it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .
0 was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
1 how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
0 a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
1 pretty good little movie .
0 if nothing else , `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.
1 angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
0 nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
1 even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
1 the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
0 -lrb- t -rrb- he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
0 this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
1 amazing !
0 the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
0 the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
1 a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
1 kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
1 -lrb- allen 's -rrb- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be .
1 the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
0 we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .
1 both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
0 a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
1 clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
1 soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
1 there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ...
0 to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
1 though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
1 the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
1 from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love .
0 empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
0 the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
1 a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
1 thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
1 director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .
0 storytelling feels slight .
1 witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
1 despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .
1 interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
1 thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
1 for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
1 it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .
0 we get the comedy we settle for .
0 eerily accurate depiction of depression .
0 schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
0 feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
1 extraordinary debut from josh koury .
0 ... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
1 cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
1 just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
0 feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
1 features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
1 whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
1 surprisingly powerful and universal .
0 the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
0 even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
1 a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
1 an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -lrb- not to mention gently political -rrb- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
0 if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel -lrb- or robert aldrich -rrb- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .
0 and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
0 strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
0 a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .
0 irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
1 can you bear the laughter ?
0 `` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
0 the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
1 not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
1 asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
1 audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
1 ... a solid , unassuming drama .
1 a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .
1 it 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
0 the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs. the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
0 a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '
1 discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
0 what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
0 like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
1 a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
1 not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
0 just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
1 though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
1 it 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
0 collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
1 a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
1 payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
0 a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
1 fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
0 the film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
1 there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
1 a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
1 miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
0 sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
0 an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
1 some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast .
0 with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
0 muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
1 in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
1 so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
0 but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
0 this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .
1 quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
1 mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
0 we hate -lrb- madonna -rrb- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
1 much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
1 one regards reign of fire with awe .
0 it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
0 the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .
1 you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .
0 in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes .
0 is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
0 to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
1 a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
0 my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
0 a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
0 throw smoochy from the train !
0 an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
0 none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
0 the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -lrb- this -rrb- meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .
0 a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
1 irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
1 a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
0 the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
0 showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
0 by the final whistle you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
0 first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
0 and people make fun of me for liking showgirls .
0 ... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
1 it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .
1 if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
0 whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears .
1 children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
1 muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
1 has a solid emotional impact .
0 dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
0 the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
0 one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
1 has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
0 lawrence should stick to his day job .
0 by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
1 buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
0 maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
1 thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
0 a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
1 jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
0 the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
1 from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
1 unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
1 has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
0 even if you 're an elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
1 together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
1 writer\/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
1 goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
1 the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
1 even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
1 you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
0 i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
1 we 're drawn in by the dark luster .
0 the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
0 it 's not a great monster movie .
1 it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
0 it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
1 the all-french cast is marveilleux .
0 if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? ''
1 the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
1 that storytelling has value can not be denied .
0 the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
0 it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
1 it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
0 solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
1 deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
0 swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
0 there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
1 winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
1 in its own floundering way , it gets to you .
0 behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
0 this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
0 with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
1 significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
1 this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
1 cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .
0 with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
0 no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .
0 everyone 's to blame here .
1 evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
0 an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
0 ... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
0 an awful lot like one of -lrb- spears ' -rrb- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
0 stale and clichéd to a fault .
0 ... built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
0 zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
1 holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
0 i still want my money back .
0 no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised .
1 it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .
0 narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .
1 well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
1 if there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
0 the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
1 its sheer dynamism is infectious .
1 the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
1 simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
0 start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
1 jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
0 a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
1 max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .
1 the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
0 ` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
0 a sentimental mess that never rings true .
1 a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
0 -lrb- janey -rrb- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
0 the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
0 a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
0 ... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
1 remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
1 mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching .
1 a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
0 this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
1 it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
0 the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
0 even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
1 nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
1 a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
0 it 's that painful .
1 smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .
1 there 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
1 though writer\/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .
1 the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
1 -lrb- cho 's face is -rrb- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
0 if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
0 his -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
0 terminally brain dead production .
1 -lrb- grant -rrb- goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
0 the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
0 bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
1 while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
0 one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
0 well-meant but unoriginal .
1 it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
1 it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
1 the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
0 the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
0 no. .
0 kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
1 my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
1 even though many of these guys are less than adorable -lrb- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -rrb- , there 's something vital about the movie .
1 while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
0 an ugly , revolting movie .
1 if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
0 the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .
1 shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
0 but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
1 ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .
0 distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
0 it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
0 as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
1 leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
0 i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
0 it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
0 the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .
0 really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
1 a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
1 unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
1 stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .
1 my wife is an actress works as well as it does because -lrb- the leads -rrb- are such a companionable couple .
1 about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
1 a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
1 hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .
0 the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
1 this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
1 enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
0 eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
1 as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
0 godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
1 this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -lrb- if not entirely wholesome -rrb- fun .
0 hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
0 although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
0 several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''
0 ... a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
1 this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
0 surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
1 directing with a sure and measured hand , -lrb- haneke -rrb- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
0 ... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? ''
1 wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
1 it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .
1 ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
0 full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
0 ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
0 could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
0 in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
1 what saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
0 like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .
1 a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
1 miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
0 it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .
1 the wanton slipperiness of \* corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
1 the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .
0 instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
0 this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
0 ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
1 the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
1 for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
0 downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .
0 the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
0 in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
1 the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
0 the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
1 it puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
0 i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
1 an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
1 a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .
0 unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title .
0 for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown .
1 beautifully produced .
1 a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .
1 lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
1 it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .
1 yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
0 the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
0 the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .
1 shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
0 call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
0 we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine .
0 it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
1 the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .
0 the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
0 lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
1 like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
0 as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
1 the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
1 stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
0 press the delete key .
1 ... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
1 for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .
1 imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
0 a grating , emaciated flick .
0 it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .
0 with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
0 a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
1 jackson is always watchable .
1 showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
0 mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
1 ... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
0 too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
1 300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
0 the modern remake of dumas 's story is long on narrative and -lrb- too -rrb- short on action .
0 seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
1 the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
1 fantastic !
0 there 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
1 `` red dragon '' is entertaining .
0 hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
1 secretary is just too original to be ignored .
1 while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
0 the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- achievement does n't match his ambition .
1 graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
0 the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
1 my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
1 an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
0 this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
0 a selection of scenes in search of a movie .
1 one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
0 we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
0 an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
0 in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '
1 meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
1 even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .
1 time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
1 a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
0 it 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -lrb- and probably should have -rrb- been a lighthearted comedy .
1 even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
0 ... watching it was painful .
1 mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
1 the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
0 wait to see it then .
0 unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
1 does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
0 it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
0 tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
1 for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
1 a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
0 disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
0 payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
0 one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
1 a wry , affectionate delight .
1 brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
0 the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
1 a three-hour cinema master class .
1 a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .
1 may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
1 caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
0 the rest of the film ... is dudsville .
1 brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
1 ... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
0 director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
0 the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
0 works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
1 wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
1 a bold -lrb- and lovely -rrb- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
1 a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
0 if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
0 after you laugh once -lrb- maybe twice -rrb- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
0 the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
1 there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
1 it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
1 4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
1 a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
0 despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
0 it 's one long bore .
0 if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors -lrb- dawson leery did what ?!? -rrb- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .
1 it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
0 none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
1 ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
1 a tasty masala .
1 but it does have one saving grace .
1 one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
1 piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
1 it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
0 an empty , purposeless exercise .
0 too bad .
1 rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
0 can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
0 despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
0 painfully padded .
0 the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -lrb- or cinema seats -rrb- .
1 a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
1 highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
1 none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
1 a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem .
1 i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .
1 a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
1 for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
0 every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
1 ` anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
1 a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
1 ... an interesting slice of history .
0 for dance completists only .
0 it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
0 it 's uninteresting .
0 bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
1 a tone poem of transgression .
0 seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .
0 confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
1 road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
0 ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
1 an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
0 one of the worst movies of the year .
0 like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
0 too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets .
0 it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
1 a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
1 manages to delight without much of a story .
0 ... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
1 may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .
0 ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .
0 in the book-on-tape market , the film of `` the kid stays in the picture '' would be an abridged edition
0 it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
0 high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .
0 the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
1 a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
1 ... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
1 an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .
0 devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
1 succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
1 fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
1 everyone 's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
0 seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .
0 it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
0 do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
0 the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
1 fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
0 you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
1 much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
1 a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
1 confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
1 best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
0 this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
1 schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
1 george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
0 ` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
0 the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .
0 if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
0 anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
0 i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
0 the latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen .
1 majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
0 there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
1 fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
0 falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
0 bland but harmless .
0 like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
0 judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice .
0 the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
1 adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
1 about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
0 an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
1 star\/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
1 what -lrb- denis -rrb- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
0 to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
0 a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
1 judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
1 with an unusual protagonist -lrb- a kilt-wearing jackson -rrb- and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .
0 this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
0 its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
0 the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
1 the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
1 a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
0 hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
1 who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?
0 disjointed parody .
0 typical animé , with cheapo animation -lrb- like saturday morning tv in the '60s -rrb- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
0 you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
0 the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
1 twenty years later , e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone .
1 angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .
1 gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script .
0 though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
1 one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .
0 glizty but formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
0 makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
0 -lrb- a -rrb- soulless , stupid sequel ...
1 with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
1 unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
0 humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
1 told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
1 if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .
1 any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
0 it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
0 a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
0 how about surprising us by trying something new ?
1 an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
0 even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser .
0 an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality .
1 it really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . '
1 caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
0 i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
1 see it .
1 as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
0 the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting -lrb- and funnier -rrb- than his .
1 oh , and more entertaining , too .
1 the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
1 austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
1 a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
1 if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
0 it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
0 how inept is serving sara ?
1 a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
1 -lrb- caine -rrb- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
1 a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
0 the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
1 like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
1 but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
1 as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
0 this is n't a new idea .
0 on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
1 that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
1 just bring on the battle bots , please !
0 but first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
1 for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
1 a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
1 just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
0 those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
0 a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
1 greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
0 this action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
1 metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
0 the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
1 a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
1 the film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?
0 both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
1 a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
0 the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
1 the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
0 there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it .
0 i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
1 a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
1 changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
1 ... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
1 passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
1 whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop .
1 the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power .
0 one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
0 barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
0 the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
1 miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
0 it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
1 when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
0 if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you .
1 great dragons !
1 the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
0 most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
0 a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
1 kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
0 a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
1 pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
0 `` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
1 kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
0 an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
0 david spade as citizen kane ?
1 director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
0 director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
1 like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
0 the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''
0 i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
0 at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
0 a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .
1 it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
1 this is one of the year 's best films .
1 the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
0 sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -lrb- ahola -rrb- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
1 the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
1 absorbing character study by andré turpin .
0 unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .
1 instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
1 an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
1 a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .
1 the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
0 a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .
1 despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
1 coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
0 so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
0 with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
1 among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
1 a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
0 collapses under its own meager weight .
0 does n't deserve a passing grade -lrb- even on a curve -rrb- .
1 white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .
1 at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
1 if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .
0 i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
0 a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
1 this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
0 the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
1 this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .
0 so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
0 solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
0 here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
1 `` catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
0 `` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
0 -lrb- t -rrb- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
0 it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
0 while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
1 pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
0 this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
1 by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
1 half past dead is just such an achievement .
0 on its own , it 's not very interesting .
0 ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
1 the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
1 peter jackson has done the nearly impossible .
1 the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
1 director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
0 and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
1 evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun .
0 ... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
1 one of the most original american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
1 the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
0 some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
1 there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger .
1 a brutal and funny work .
1 ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
0 we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
0 director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
1 melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
0 it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
1 a great companion piece to other napoleon films .
0 it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
1 however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
1 between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
1 kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
1 it has plenty of laughs .
1 beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
0 but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
1 transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .
0 -lrb- denis ' -rrb- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
0 snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
0 the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
0 not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
0 shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
0 stephen earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
0 77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .
1 a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
0 a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state .
1 full of surprises .
1 whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
0 the whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .
1 vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
1 one of the best rock documentaries ever .
0 as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
1 somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
1 if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
1 while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
1 if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
0 boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
1 claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
0 the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
1 anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
0 it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
0 nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
1 precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
0 ` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
0 yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
0 much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
1 the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .
0 derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
1 i like it .
1 birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
0 ` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
1 poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
1 a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .
1 -lrb- there 's -rrb- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
1 it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
1 giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
1 the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .
0 it makes me feel weird \/ thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ like puppies with broken legs \/ and butterflies that die \/ and movies starring pop queens
1 a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
1 beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .
1 this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .
1 this story still seems timely and important .
1 a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
1 jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
1 the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
1 like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
1 the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
1 -lrb- f -rrb- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
0 it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
0 it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
1 quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .
0 although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
0 you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
0 feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
1 definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '
0 ... pray does n't have a passion for the material .
0 plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .
1 the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
0 the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
0 lush and beautifully photographed -lrb- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -rrb- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
0 instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .
0 it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
1 one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .
0 the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
0 the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
1 it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
0 too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
0 this romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
1 visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
0 full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
0 the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
1 if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
0 devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
1 it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
0 remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
0 perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
0 the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line .
1 writer\/director alexander payne -lrb- election -rrb- and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
1 if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
1 chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
1 this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
1 what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
0 it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
1 the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
0 it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
1 it 's a masterpiece .
0 been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional .
0 i have to admit i walked out of runteldat .
0 a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
1 -- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .
1 the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director anderson .
0 there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .
1 if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
1 this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
0 what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
1 what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
1 the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .
0 this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
1 standing by yourself is haunting ... -lrb- it 's -rrb- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
0 a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
1 all in all , a great party .
1 a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
0 -lrb- seems -rrb- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
1 credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
0 it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
0 it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
0 -lrb- l -rrb- ame and unnecessary .
1 while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .
0 i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
0 ... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
1 as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
1 it 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
0 imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
1 see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
1 always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
0 try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .
1 hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
1 chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
1 the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
1 the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
0 nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
0 bad and baffling from the get-go .
0 the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .
1 the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
1 harmless fun .
1 astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
1 feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
0 unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
1 eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
1 the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
0 purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
0 tends to plod .
0 pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
1 indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
1 the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
0 stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
1 the film grows on you .
1 though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
1 this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
1 first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
1 a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
0 this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
0 during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' .
0 it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
0 plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
0 ... pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
1 features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
0 before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
0 watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen .
1 `` red dragon '' never cuts corners .
1 an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .
1 although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
0 it looks good , but it is essentially empty .
1 young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
1 a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .
0 sure , i hated myself in the morning .
0 but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
0 the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -lrb- and no one -rrb- .
1 it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
0 not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting .
0 a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
1 real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
1 what i saw , i enjoyed .
0 lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
0 it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
1 the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
0 spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
1 at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
1 there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .
0 i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .
0 maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
1 with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
0 ... unbearably lame .
0 certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
0 where the film falters is in its tone .
0 this film biggest problem ?
1 this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
1 the gags are often a stitch .
1 the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .
0 the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
1 -lrb- shyamalan -rrb- continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
1 as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
1 you 'll know a star when you see one .
0 sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
1 in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
1 this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
0 horrible .
0 grating and tedious .
0 at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
1 better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
0 it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
0 none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
1 a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
0 a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
1 an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
0 neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
1 the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
0 the movie is a dud .
1 unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
0 does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length .
1 one of the best movies of the year .
1 by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
0 the movie turns out to be -lrb- assayas ' -rrb- homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .
0 once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
0 ` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
0 cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
1 berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years
1 despite the film 's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
1 if you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
1 driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
1 douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
0 diane lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
1 simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .
1 shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
1 mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
0 anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
1 a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
0 the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
1 it 's a fun adventure movie for kids -lrb- of all ages -rrb- that like adventure .
0 one sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
0 limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
0 no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
1 consistently clever and suspenseful .
0 this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
1 a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
0 ... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
1 if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .
1 one funny popcorn flick .
0 bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
0 i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
1 a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
1 smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
1 a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
1 it 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
0 hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .
0 it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .
0 this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
0 formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
0 what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
1 rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
1 the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
0 the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .
1 an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
1 an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
0 something must have been lost in the translation .
1 witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
1 foster and whitaker are especially fine .
1 the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade .
0 if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd .
1 an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
1 a conventional but heartwarming tale .
1 a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
0 the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
0 there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
1 strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
1 the formula is familiar but enjoyable .
0 its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
1 less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
1 good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .
0 just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
1 if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
0 watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
0 stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
0 the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
1 while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .
1 hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
0 exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
0 i 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
0 why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
0 a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . '
0 contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
0 laughably , irredeemably awful .
0 one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
1 together -lrb- time out and human resources -rrb- establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
1 ... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
1 with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
1 reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
0 outside of burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
0 as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
0 if you saw it on tv , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
0 while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
0 journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
1 brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
1 like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -lrb- young bow wow fans -rrb- - with nothing but net .
1 the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
1 while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
1 standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
0 a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
1 j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .
1 this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -lrb- evans -rrb- had , lost , and got back .
1 their work is fantastic .
1 much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .
0 looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .
0 a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
0 like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
0 do we really need the tiger beat version ?
1 if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
1 gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
1 a beautiful paean to a time long past .
1 an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
1 sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
0 but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
0 and diesel is n't the actor to save it .
0 a feeble tootsie knockoff .
1 see it for his performance if nothing else .
1 terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
0 the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
0 a thriller without a lot of thrills .
1 yet the act is still charming here .
1 far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
1 a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
1 phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
1 though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous .
0 this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
1 even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
1 ... even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
0 a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
1 the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
0 most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
0 queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .
1 it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .
1 campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .
1 schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
1 would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic .
0 a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
0 their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
0 cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -lrb- career - kids = misery -rrb- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
1 naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
0 idiotic and ugly .
1 ` film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . '
1 hard , endearing , caring , warm .
0 the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
0 - greaseballs mob action-comedy .
1 writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
1 a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
1 `` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
0 supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
0 the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
1 you have to see it .
1 pray has really done his subject justice .
0 woody , what happened ?
0 but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
0 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
0 bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
1 at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -lrb- depending upon where you live -rrb- , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
0 a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .
0 a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
0 the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?
0 though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
1 efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
1 two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
1 could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
1 the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
0 offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
1 hardly a film that comes along every day .
1 definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
1 certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
0 rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
0 there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
0 it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
0 the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
1 i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
1 this beautifully animated epic is never dull .
0 human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
1 davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
0 even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
1 a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
0 the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
0 this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
1 take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
1 it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
1 still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
1 be patient with the lovely hush !
1 the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
1 i 'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow .
1 it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
1 an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
1 and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
0 whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .
0 all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
0 the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
0 all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 .
0 seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
0 this is a truly , truly bad movie .
1 the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
0 what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .
0 there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
1 an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
1 a lovely film for the holiday season .
1 after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
1 tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
1 a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
1 the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want .
1 k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
0 every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
0 by that measure , it is a failure .
0 rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
1 seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .
0 ... a pretentious mess ...
0 full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow !
0 so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
1 laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .
1 in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
1 remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
0 spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
1 , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
1 what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
0 the thing just never gets off the ground .
0 after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
1 the film oozes craft .
0 once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
1 funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
0 an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
0 this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
0 the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made .
1 with this masterful , flawless film , -lrb- wang -rrb- emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
1 a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
0 throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?
1 the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
1 a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
1 it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
0 too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .
1 sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
1 a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .
1 it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
0 all mood and no movie .
1 will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
0 a half-assed film .
1 it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
1 the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .
1 the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
1 inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
1 much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
0 a chiller resolutely without chills .
0 the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
1 and it is .
1 even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
0 imperfect ?
0 this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
0 a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .
0 there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
1 no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
1 beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
0 viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .
0 there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
0 - spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
0 there 's already been too many of these films ...
1 we want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
1 -lrb- a -rrb- thoughtful , visually graceful work .
0 shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
1 like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
0 a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
0 the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
1 the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
1 kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
1 the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
1 by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
1 i 'm guessing the director is a magician .
1 a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors .
0 it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
0 that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
0 none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
1 when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .
0 ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
0 kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
0 it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
1 wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
0 while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .
0 haneke 's script -lrb- from elfriede jelinek 's novel -rrb- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
0 there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .
0 the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .
1 tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
1 filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
0 ... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
1 the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations
0 five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
1 director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
1 ... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
0 guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
0 wewannour money back , actually .
1 more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
1 when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
1 the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .
0 the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
1 ... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
1 much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
1 it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
0 an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
1 -lrb- scherfig -rrb- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .
1 it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
1 a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
0 -lrb- johnnie to and wai ka fai are -rrb- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
1 conceptually brilliant ... plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
0 this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
1 -lrb- danny huston gives -rrb- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
1 in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
1 this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
1 hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
0 it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
0 a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
1 touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
1 yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .
1 works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
0 ararat feels like a book report
0 the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -lrb- godard 's -rrb- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
1 tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
0 it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
1 a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .
0 my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
1 audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
1 a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .
1 family fare .
0 the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
1 one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
1 even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
1 one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
0 set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .
0 in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
1 evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
0 they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
1 in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
1 perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
0 as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
1 almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . '
1 a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
0 ... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
1 and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
0 it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .
1 an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
0 another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .
0 the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
1 hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
1 as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
0 this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
1 goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
0 two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
1 if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
1 while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
1 it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
0 an extremely unpleasant film .
1 director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
0 not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
0 after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
0 it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
0 merely -lrb- and literally -rrb- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
0 terrible .
0 throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .
0 chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
1 if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
1 enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
1 if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .
0 the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
0 millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
0 any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
0 it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
0 some episodes work , some do n't .
1 like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
0 all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
0 a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
1 for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
0 disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter .
1 it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
1 becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .
1 murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
1 it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
0 the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
0 it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
0 the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
0 a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
1 in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
0 enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
1 a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
0 stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
0 reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
0 it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
1 it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
0 ... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
1 symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
1 you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
0 equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
1 a film of delicate interpersonal dances .
1 -lrb- westbrook -rrb- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
1 cusack 's just brilliant in this .
1 what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
1 never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
1 few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
1 ferrara 's best film in years .
0 we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
1 watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
0 you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -lrb- than leon -rrb- .
0 what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
1 ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .
0 the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
0 ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
0 when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
1 polished , well-structured film .
0 the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
1 an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
0 but there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
0 after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
1 an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
1 one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
0 stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
1 an intelligently made -lrb- and beautifully edited -rrb- picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
1 charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
0 what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
0 the film has -lrb- its -rrb- moments , but they are few and far between .
0 if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
1 this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
1 a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
1 a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
0 the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
0 if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .
0 there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
0 a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
0 ` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
1 it 's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
1 it 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
0 to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
1 you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
0 too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
0 it does n't work as either .
0 this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
0 in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
0 the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
1 two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
1 and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
0 obvious .
1 `` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
1 the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters .
0 the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
1 i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
1 that , in itself , is extraordinary .
1 yes .
1 k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
1 and educational !
1 an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .
1 confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
0 the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
1 sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
1 crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
0 strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short .
1 the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct -lrb- `` laissez-passer '' -rrb- wears its heart on its sleeve .
0 i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
1 ... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
1 witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
0 they 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
1 watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
0 spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
0 director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
1 colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
0 ... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
1 a small movie with a big heart .
1 maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
0 most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
1 -lrb- the cockettes -rrb- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
1 most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
1 the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
0 this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .
0 -lrb- a -rrb- poorly executed comedy .
1 holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
1 ... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
1 lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
1 maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
1 tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
1 an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
1 -lrb- russell -rrb- makes good b movies -lrb- the mask , the blob -rrb- , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .
0 what little grace -lrb- rifkin 's -rrb- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
1 the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
0 however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .
0 the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
0 supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
0 no laughs .
1 but the actors make this worth a peek .
1 a gem of a movie .
0 the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
0 it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
1 mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
0 it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
0 both deserve better .
1 between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
1 upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
0 slap me , i saw this movie .
1 visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
1 a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
1 ` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
1 a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
0 hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
0 bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
0 like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
1 take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
1 miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
1 stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
1 vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
0 ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
0 gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .
1 director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
1 a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
0 gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
0 then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
1 a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .
0 the re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
1 if a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
0 oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
0 often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
1 spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
0 ... unlike -lrb- scorsese 's mean streets -rrb- , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
1 you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
1 slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption .
0 sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
1 godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
0 under-rehearsed and lifeless
1 the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
0 this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
1 you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .
1 rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
1 a witty , low-key romantic comedy .
1 what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
1 a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
1 it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
0 a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing .
1 a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
0 even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
1 with ` bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
1 i liked it just enough .
1 it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .
1 after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling .
1 although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .
1 ... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .
0 on top of a foundering performance , -lrb- madonna 's -rrb- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
1 on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
1 mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
0 about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
1 but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
0 a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
1 far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .
1 blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- , the movie is powerful and provocative .
0 the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
0 it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
0 a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .
0 it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
1 there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .
0 the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
1 a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
1 has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
1 it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
0 report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
0 too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
1 a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
0 it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
0 lacks dramatic punch and depth .
1 it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
0 like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
1 a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
0 ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
0 the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
0 a relative letdown .
0 from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
1 a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
1 brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .
0 inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
0 it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
1 the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
1 about schmidt belongs to nicholson .
1 its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
0 starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
1 even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
0 the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
1 daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
0 boyd 's screenplay -lrb- co-written with guardian hack nick davies -rrb- has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
1 not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
1 this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
1 i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
0 a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
0 horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
0 after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
1 predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
1 laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
1 essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
0 you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
1 ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . '
1 happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
0 viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
1 the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
1 with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
0 i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
1 one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .
1 a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
0 still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
1 filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
0 who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
0 can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
0 it 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's .
0 in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -lrb- but none of the sheer lust -rrb- .
0 cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
1 if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .
0 maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better .
0 a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .
0 every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
1 but it is entertaining on an inferior level .
1 plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph .
0 evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
1 it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
0 as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
0 this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
1 i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
0 too much of storytelling moves away from solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .
1 charlotte sometimes is a gem .
1 australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
1 as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
0 further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
1 -lrb- a -rrb- satisfying niblet .
1 this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
0 coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
1 it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
0 you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
1 payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
0 -lrb- siegel -rrb- and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .
1 while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
0 unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
1 the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
0 i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
0 a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
0 broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
1 mostly , -lrb- goldbacher -rrb- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
0 even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
0 adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
1 a genuine mind-bender .
1 just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
0 that frenetic spectacle -lrb- on the tv show -rrb- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout .
1 nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
1 she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .
0 qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
1 this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
0 what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
0 too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
0 as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
1 a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
1 on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
0 a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
0 it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -lrb- eyre 's -rrb- first film something of a sleeper success .
0 personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
1 as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
0 an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
1 the art demands live viewing .
0 paul cox needed to show it .
1 astonishing ... -lrb- frames -rrb- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
1 although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
1 a stirring road movie .
1 bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
1 even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
0 the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
1 there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
1 if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
1 city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
0 dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
1 it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
1 executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .
1 maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
1 grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
0 burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
1 less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -lrb- though no less horrifying for it -rrb- .
0 it 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow .
0 it labours as storytelling .
1 a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .
0 the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
0 it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
0 festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
0 yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .
1 a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .
1 the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
0 an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
1 those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
0 has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
0 like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
1 a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .
0 just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
1 ... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .
1 the closest thing to the experience of space travel
0 right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
0 while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
1 bon appétit !
1 as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
0 boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
0 the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
0 two hours of junk .
0 this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
1 i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .
1 -lrb- d -rrb- espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
1 though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
0 alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .
1 a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
0 it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
1 infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .
0 a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .
0 talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
0 but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
0 not so much farcical as sour .
0 like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
0 the material and the production itself are little more than routine .
0 aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .
1 far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .
1 when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
1 informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
1 a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
0 a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
0 at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
0 skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
1 what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
1 unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
0 be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
0 it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
1 it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
1 most consumers of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
0 even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
0 the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard -lrb- which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog -rrb- is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered .
0 ill-considered , unholy hokum .
0 it 's just merely very bad .
1 a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
0 rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
0 trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
1 the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .
0 this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
1 this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .
0 boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
0 this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e !
0 a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
0 an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
0 the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
0 the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
1 exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .
0 what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
0 cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
1 heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
0 let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ?
0 with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
1 based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
0 what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
0 normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
0 even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
1 you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
1 the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
0 the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .
1 it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this !
1 alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
1 a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
0 of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
1 light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
1 it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
0 sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
0 with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -lrb- crane -rrb- becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
0 nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
1 a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
1 the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
1 with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
0 i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
1 it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
1 the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
1 these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
1 smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
1 insanely hilarious !
1 ... strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
0 it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
0 its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
1 it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
0 even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
0 it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
0 a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
0 give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .
0 i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
1 if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
0 disturbing .
1 the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
0 it 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
0 why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
0 the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
0 it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
0 as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
1 a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
0 ... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
0 a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
1 you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
1 earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
0 a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
0 it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
1 the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
1 handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
1 this is the best star trek movie in a long time .
1 a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .
1 instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
1 a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
0 writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
1 like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
1 an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .
0 starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
1 the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
1 it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
0 eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
0 howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .
0 the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
0 it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
0 a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
0 belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video\/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .
0 imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
0 without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
1 this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '
1 what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?
1 stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
0 ` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
0 overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
0 a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
0 the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
0 occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
1 we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .
1 easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .
0 despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
0 about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
1 the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
0 impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
0 a great script brought down by lousy direction .
0 new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
1 rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .
0 while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
1 zoom !
0 it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
1 the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
0 every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
1 it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .
1 it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
1 makes one thing abundantly clear .
0 cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
0 too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
1 the film is full of charm .
0 it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
1 there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .
0 while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs -lrb- including a knockout of a closing line -rrb- , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
1 we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
1 a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .
1 not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .
0 this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
1 one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
0 after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
1 it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
0 the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .
0 the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . ''
1 ... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
1 what 's next ?
0 in the end , there is n't much to it .
0 an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
0 an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
1 the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .
1 norton is magnetic as graham .
1 the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
1 a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
0 mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
1 a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures .
1 a wonderful , ghastly film .
0 the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
0 the film is flat .
0 stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
1 shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
0 but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
0 -lrb- lee -rrb- treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
0 the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
0 whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
1 a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans -lrb- but by no means all -rrb- will have fun with .
0 co-writer\/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
1 smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
1 o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .
1 a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
0 ` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
0 there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
0 fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
0 even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
0 blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period .
0 the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
0 the pool drowned me in boredom .
1 -lrb- sports -rrb- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
1 here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
1 it 's never dull and always looks good .
1 competently directed but terminally cute drama .
1 a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
0 loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
0 in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
1 i will be .
0 it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
0 represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
0 an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
0 the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose .
0 it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .
1 a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
0 distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
0 the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
1 it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -lrb- and exotic dancing -rrb- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
1 bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
1 it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
0 perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
1 viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
0 ... instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
0 the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
1 an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
0 nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
1 the film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
0 the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
0 wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . '
1 but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...
1 as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
0 run for your lives !
1 for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -lrb- orlando jones -rrb- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
1 an impressive hybrid .
0 the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
1 highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
0 -lrb- macdowell -rrb- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
0 pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .
0 the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
1 he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
0 unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
1 a surprisingly funny movie .
1 drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
0 a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .
0 allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
1 not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
1 sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' .
1 a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
1 a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .
1 the movie is a trove of delights .
0 the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .
1 but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
1 in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
0 yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
1 it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
0 an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
0 sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
0 -lrb- sam 's -rrb- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
1 dramas like this make it human .
1 although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
0 but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
1 this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .
1 this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
1 viva le resistance !
0 some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
0 plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
0 given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
1 the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
0 nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
1 frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
1 it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
0 witless and utterly pointless .
0 fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
1 may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
1 a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .
1 the film is a fierce dance of destruction .
1 the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
0 it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
1 psychologically revealing .
1 if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
0 but seriously , folks , it does n't work .
0 i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care .
1 and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends .
1 bluto blutarsky , we miss you .
0 crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
0 do n't say you were n't warned .
1 hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
1 hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
0 you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
1 while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
1 what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
1 this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
1 warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
1 its director 's most substantial feature for some time .
0 a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '
1 leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .
1 `` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .
1 it 's stylishly directed with verve ...
1 fans of critics ' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
1 its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
0 chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
0 the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
1 what -lrb- frei -rrb- gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
0 -lrb- hell is -rrb- looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .
1 me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story .
1 director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
0 in other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
0 there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
1 compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
0 worthy of the gong .
1 a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
0 more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
1 the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
0 the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
0 it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
1 the charming result is festival in cannes .
1 while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
0 it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
1 this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
1 she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
0 the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .
1 plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !
1 cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
1 a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
1 the ring never lets you off the hook .
0 lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
0 fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
1 uplifting , funny and wise .
1 the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .
0 cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
1 i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
1 the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
0 a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
1 fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
1 in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
0 witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
1 a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley .
0 the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
0 they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
0 with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
1 more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
1 brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
1 a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
1 it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
0 knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up .
1 a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
0 offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen .
0 the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
0 serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
0 a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
1 trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? '
1 all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -lrb- sometimes hilarious -rrb- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
0 a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . . .
1 henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
1 not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
1 ... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
1 it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop .
0 glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .
1 the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
0 ... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than -lrb- writer-director -rrb- franc .
1 call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
0 this is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
1 the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
1 neatly constructed thriller .
1 the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
1 rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .
1 rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
1 a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
1 it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
1 one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .
0 why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
0 it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
1 if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
0 the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
0 but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
1 what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
0 the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
1 wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
0 fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
0 nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
0 although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
0 the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
0 even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
1 a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
1 watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .
1 hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
0 despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
1 making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
1 it 's a masterpeice .
0 incoherence reigns .
0 the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
0 disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
1 works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
1 it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
1 wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?
1 -lrb- a -rrb- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
0 ... tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ...
1 this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
0 a major waste ... generic .
1 see it .
1 it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
0 the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .
1 tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
0 this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
1 a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
1 really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
1 ... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
0 this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .
0 but how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
1 the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
1 this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
1 -lrb- city -rrb- reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and ` analyze that , ' promised -lrb- or threatened -rrb- for later this year .
1 fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
0 it 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .
1 watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
0 this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
0 real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
0 a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1\/2 .
1 nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
0 it 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
1 there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
0 there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
1 as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
1 nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
0 here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
1 a lot smarter than your average bond .
1 a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli\/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
1 enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
0 too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
1 kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
0 stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
1 that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
1 for more than two decades mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
0 in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
1 superb production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
1 visually striking and viscerally repellent .
1 though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .
0 stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
0 rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
0 dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
1 it 's an interesting effort -lrb- particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts -rrb- , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
1 an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
0 just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
0 the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
1 the script is smart , not cloying .
0 its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
1 an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
0 depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .
0 on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
0 starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
0 michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
0 the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
0 the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
0 if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
0 there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
0 kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an -lrb- emotionally at least -rrb- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
1 amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .
1 brought to life on the big screen .
1 if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
1 knows how to make our imagination wonder .
0 leaks treacle from every pore .
1 the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .
1 the actors are fantastic .
1 ... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
1 ... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
1 neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
1 awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
1 leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
1 intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
1 faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
1 a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career .
1 does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
1 schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
1 it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
1 -lrb- breheny 's -rrb- lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
1 -lrb- an -rrb- absorbing documentary .
1 if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
0 oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
0 it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
0 has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
1 parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
1 the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .
1 ` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
1 the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .
1 exhilarating , funny and fun .
0 bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
1 michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
0 the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
0 at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
0 nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
0 it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
1 everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
1 ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .
0 enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
1 not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
0 eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
1 takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
0 it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -lrb- 1984 -rrb- to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .
1 short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
1 smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play .
1 a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
0 ... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
1 but not without cheesy fun factor .
1 tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ?
0 becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring .
0 heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .
1 last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
0 the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
0 the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
0 on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
0 an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
0 each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
1 assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .
0 nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
1 the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
1 a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
0 ... hokey art house pretension .
0 unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
1 and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
0 told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
0 comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
1 one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
0 the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
0 as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
1 the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ...
0 it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
0 apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
0 it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
0 shallow , noisy and pretentious .
1 demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
1 not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .
1 engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
1 a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
1 it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
1 an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
0 a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .
1 a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .
1 it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .
1 - style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
1 a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
1 do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .
0 could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
1 cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
0 is it a comedy ?
0 as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
0 it does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
0 its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
0 this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
1 both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?
1 ... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
0 i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
0 the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
0 what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
0 long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
1 familiar but utterly delightful .
0 the chocolate factory without charlie .
0 may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
1 steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
0 it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies .
0 complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
1 a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
1 the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
1 if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
1 a marvel of production design .
0 from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten
1 a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
1 from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
1 consider it ` perfection . '
1 affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
1 if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
0 like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
0 it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
1 moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
0 ... irritating soul-searching garbage .
0 a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
0 none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .
0 you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
0 the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
1 the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
0 were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
0 the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
1 triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .
0 wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
0 lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
0 a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
0 fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
1 jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
1 daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
1 the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany\/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
0 quite frankly , i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
0 a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
0 a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
0 a bit too eager to please .
0 sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
1 it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
1 rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .
0 a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
1 funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
0 this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
0 shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .
0 the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
1 imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
0 he 's not good with people .
0 big mistake .
0 aan opportunity wasted .
1 y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .
1 rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
1 it is quite a vision .
0 a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
1 the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
1 downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
0 less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
0 the pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
0 you come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
1 if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
1 a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
1 cool .
1 the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
1 beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
1 morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
0 guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
1 there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
0 depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
1 bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .
1 bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
0 it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows .
1 there 's a lot to recommend read my lips .
0 i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
1 this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .
0 the only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
0 it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
1 maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
0 the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
0 britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
0 the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
1 devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
0 ... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
1 terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
0 he fails .
1 this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
0 nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
1 it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
1 jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
1 the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
0 for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
1 it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
0 one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album .
1 visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .
1 high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .
0 it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
1 if you can read the subtitles -lrb- the opera is sung in italian -rrb- and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .
1 a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
0 simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
0 hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
1 a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
0 death might be a release .
0 the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .
1 a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
1 as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
1 the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
1 the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
0 the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .
1 according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .
1 the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
0 a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
0 a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
1 lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
1 a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
0 the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
0 the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
0 a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
0 an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
1 ken russell would love this .
0 has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
1 they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
1 claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
0 kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
0 its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
0 sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
0 first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
1 salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .
1 human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
1 the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .
1 a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
1 the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
0 it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
1 the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
1 sly , sophisticated and surprising .
1 -lrb- kline 's -rrb- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .
0 more trifle than triumph .
0 it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
0 murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
0 the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
1 i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
1 she may not be real , but the laughs are .
0 clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
0 a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
1 scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
1 you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
0 this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
1 both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
0 many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit .
0 you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
1 crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .
1 not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
1 by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
1 ... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
1 a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?
1 alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
0 when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .
1 this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
1 the pianist is polanski 's best film .
1 you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
0 klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
1 from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
0 utter mush ... conceited pap .
0 despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .
1 gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
0 ... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
1 just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
1 think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
1 grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
0 a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
0 predictably soulless techno-tripe .
0 the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
1 it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated .
0 the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .
0 the film 's most improbable feat ?
1 the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
1 there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
0 there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
0 possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
0 the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
1 a crisp psychological drama -lrb- and -rrb- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode .
1 there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
0 time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
1 a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
1 mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
0 what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -lrb- dark green , to be exact -rrb- , sour , bloody and mean .
1 mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
0 a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
0 it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
1 it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
1 diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
0 but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
1 darkly funny and frequently insightful .
1 formuliac , but fun .
0 there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
1 damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -lrb- jason bourne -rrb- .
0 the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
1 and yet , it still works .
0 it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !
1 ... a light , yet engrossing piece .
1 really quite funny .
0 pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
0 a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
0 diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
0 the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
1 the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
0 nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
1 an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .
0 a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
1 saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
1 an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
1 an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
0 kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
1 it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
0 like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
1 its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
1 although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
1 -lrb- the film -rrb- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
0 the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
0 it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
1 an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .
1 the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
1 charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
1 amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
0 with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
1 a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
1 ... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
0 despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
1 this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
1 it all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .
0 what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
0 wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .
1 those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .
0 the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
1 she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
1 and for many of us , that 's good enough .
1 meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
1 poetic , heartbreaking .
1 a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
1 as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .
0 the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
0 just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .
1 the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal .
1 a film that will enthrall the whole family .
0 it just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
1 much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
0 while you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet , you 're a jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''
1 a quaint , romanticized rendering .
1 filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
1 as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .
0 a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films .
0 a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .
0 seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
1 a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
0 how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
1 fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .
1 the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
0 sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
1 it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
0 so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
1 a faster paced family flick .
0 `` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
1 fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
1 the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .
0 i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .
1 in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
1 let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
0 tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
1 i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .
0 what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .
1 the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
1 the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
0 the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
1 puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
0 with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
0 no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
1 a well-executed spy-thriller .
0 lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
1 the trailer is a riot .
0 this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
0 alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
1 a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
1 the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
1 i 'll go out on a limb .
1 deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
0 sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
1 as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
0 maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
1 gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .
1 he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
1 escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
0 full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
1 a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith 's next movie .
0 director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention
1 the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .
0 it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
0 as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
1 graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
1 -lrb- allen -rrb- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
0 the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
0 with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
0 this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
1 exhilarating but blatantly biased .
1 a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
1 rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
0 how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .
0 to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .
0 less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
0 an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
0 the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
1 a gentle and engrossing character study .
0 sluggish , tonally uneven .
0 ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
0 the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
1 what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
0 russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features .
1 some remarkable achival film about how shanghai -lrb- of all places -rrb- served jews who escaped the holocaust .
0 `` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
1 an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
1 intelligent and moving .
1 a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
1 it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
0 the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
1 time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
0 guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .
1 peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
1 elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
1 kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
1 maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
1 ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
1 a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
0 you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .
1 a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
0 its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
0 there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
1 an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
1 but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
0 at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
0 stress ` dumb . '
1 katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
0 deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
1 huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
0 where 's the movie here ?
0 an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
0 whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .
0 it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
1 this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
0 if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
1 swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
0 mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
0 ` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
1 the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
0 originality is sorely lacking .
1 it trusts the story it sets out to tell .
0 the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
1 strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
1 while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans -lrb- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -rrb- , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .
0 did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ''
1 stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
0 the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
1 all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .
1 throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
1 the observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
1 while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -lrb- it -rrb- stimulating depth .
1 undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
0 ... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
0 watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
1 ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
0 time out is as serious as a pink slip .
0 tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
0 -lrb- creates -rrb- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
0 director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
1 a tremendous piece of work .
1 as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player .
1 a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .
1 there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
0 our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '
1 moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
0 american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
0 the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
0 if you recognize zeus -lrb- the dog from snatch -rrb- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
1 wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
1 though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
0 parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
1 this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
1 brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .
0 woefully pretentious .
0 mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .
1 -lrb- leigh -rrb- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -lrb- improvised over many months -rrb- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
0 director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
0 godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
1 there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
0 gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
0 no surprises .
0 the film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
1 a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
0 conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
1 an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
0 nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
0 blue crush is as predictable as the tides .
0 we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
1 the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
0 with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
0 just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
0 instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
1 brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .
1 their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
0 not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .
0 the acting is n't much better .
1 a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
1 another best of the year selection .
0 the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .
0 it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
0 its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
1 the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
1 the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
0 ` synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
1 the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
0 too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
1 a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
0 the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
1 ... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
1 arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
0 ` the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
0 in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
1 i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold !
1 literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
0 it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
1 a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
1 tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
1 the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
0 romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
0 an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .
0 el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .
0 a processed comedy chop suey .
1 rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
1 part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
1 its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
1 great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
1 but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
0 the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
0 the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
1 an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .
1 manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
0 what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
0 serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
0 what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
1 a winning and wildly fascinating work .
0 blue crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
1 for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
1 -lrb- fincher 's -rrb- camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
1 but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
0 there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
0 some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
0 and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .
1 it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
0 it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
0 things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .
1 a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
1 drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
1 there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
1 mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
0 contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
1 transforms one of -lrb- shakespeare 's -rrb- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
1 successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
1 a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
1 an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .
1 even better than the first one !
0 i ca n't recommend it .
0 poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
1 more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .
1 allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
0 by-the-numbers yarn .
1 on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
1 those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
1 an ambitious ` what if ? '
1 when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .
0 nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
1 it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
1 a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
1 the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
1 even if you 've seen `` stomp '' -lrb- the stage show -rrb- , you still have to see this !
1 this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
1 the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
0 while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
1 as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
1 its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
0 a less-than-thrilling thriller .
0 would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
1 the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
1 some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
1 morton deserves an oscar nomination .
0 you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
1 by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
0 it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
0 -lrb- davis -rrb- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
0 it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
0 van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
0 forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .
1 it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
0 there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
1 a very capable nailbiter .
0 one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
1 a witty , whimsical feature debut .
0 `` -lrb- hopkins -rrb- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
1 a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
0 no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
0 wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
0 it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .
1 schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park -lrb- as well as one , ms. mirren , who did -rrb- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
1 this movie got me grinning .
1 a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
0 weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
1 me without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .
1 consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .
1 a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .
1 ... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
0 too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
0 the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
1 the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
1 he has a great cast and a great idea .
1 `` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
1 even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .
1 diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .
1 sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .
0 sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
1 runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .
0 the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' .
1 shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -lrb- aliens come to earth -rrb- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
1 `` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
1 the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
0 ... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
1 like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .
1 a charmer from belgium .
0 it 's not only dull because we 've seen -lrb- eddie -rrb- murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
1 even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
1 a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .
1 pipe dream does have its charms .
1 if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
0 crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
1 it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
1 solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were .
1 a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
0 ... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
1 fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
0 as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
1 frank capra played this story straight .
0 control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
0 nevertheless , it still seems endless .
0 there 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
1 mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
0 for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
1 `` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
1 though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
0 this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
1 fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
0 but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
0 please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
0 sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
1 despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
0 a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
1 lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
1 provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
0 flat , misguided comedy .
1 it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
1 berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .
1 serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
0 this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
1 there are moments of hilarity to be had .
1 it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
0 i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !
0 i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
1 it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
1 the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
0 plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
1 elegant , mannered and teasing .
0 ... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -lrb- and -rrb- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
1 there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .
1 by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
1 not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
0 kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
1 but they fascinate in their recklessness .
1 a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
0 this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
1 worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
0 ` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
0 who cares ? -rrb- .
0 neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
1 an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
0 the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it .
1 an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
0 it 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
0 a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
1 a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
1 a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
1 enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
0 there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
1 williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
0 curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
0 as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
0 watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
0 an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
0 certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
1 i have n't laughed that hard in years !
1 sorvino is delightful in the central role .
1 a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
1 what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
1 a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
1 both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
1 and vin diesel is the man .
0 just a kiss is a just a waste .
0 murder by numbers just does n't add up .
0 all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
1 this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -lrb- as well as a serious debt to the road warrior -rrb- , but it feels like unrealized potential
1 in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
0 an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
0 the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
0 bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
0 dramatically lackluster .
1 made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
1 this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
1 yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
0 their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
0 all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
0 tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
1 a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .
0 tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
1 the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
0 you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
0 lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
1 sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
0 directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
1 it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
0 the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
0 is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
0 the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
1 spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .
1 this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
1 for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .
0 ... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
0 an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
1 enticing and often funny documentary .
0 but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
0 the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
1 whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
1 the komediant is a tale worth catching .
0 the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
1 worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .
0 it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
1 an encouraging effort from mccrudden
1 i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
1 such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ''
1 initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .
0 this is not a jackie chan movie .
1 chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .
0 lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
0 a timid , soggy near miss .
1 a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
1 a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
1 smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
0 i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
0 thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
0 i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .
0 if only it were , well , funnier .
0 it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
1 from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work .
0 charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
0 kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
0 its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
1 an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
0 for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
0 somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
1 first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
1 connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
1 gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -lrb- harris -rrb- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .
1 left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .
0 the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
1 combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
0 loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
0 the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
0 a movie to forget
0 rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
0 starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
1 a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want .
1 a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .
0 an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
0 the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
0 if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
0 this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
0 it 's not an easy one to review .
0 ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .
1 the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
1 what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
0 this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
1 -lrb- reaches -rrb- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
1 the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
0 for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
0 unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
1 ... a true delight .
0 an awful snooze .
0 does n't really add up to much .
1 an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
1 a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
0 watching `` ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
0 cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
0 its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
0 nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
0 leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
0 `` white oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material .
1 high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
0 schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...
1 a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
1 it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
1 the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
1 the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .
0 the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
0 no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .
0 comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .
0 the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
1 it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
0 resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .
1 a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
1 the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
0 hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
0 this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
1 eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
1 in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
0 there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
0 borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
1 so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
0 the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
0 the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
0 more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
1 amazingly dopey .
0 the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
0 romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
1 combines improbable melodrama -lrb- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -rrb- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
1 you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .
0 i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
1 writer\/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
1 the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
0 roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
1 it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -lrb- aniston -rrb- has always needed to grow into a movie career .
1 like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
1 devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
0 has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
1 tells a fascinating , compelling story .
0 like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
0 one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
0 devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .
1 beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .
0 the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
1 michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
1 read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
0 those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
1 yes , soar .
1 as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
1 although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
0 naipaul fans may be disappointed .
0 attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
1 poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
0 in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .
1 ... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
0 if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .
1 a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
1 clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
0 the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
0 i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
0 it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .
0 like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
0 though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
0 the first fatal attraction was vile enough .
1 a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
1 measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
0 and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
1 ... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...
1 garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
0 it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
0 friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .
1 it is also beautifully acted .
0 this dubious product of a college-spawned -lrb- colgate u. -rrb- comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .
1 all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
1 ... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
1 it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
1 a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
0 such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
0 the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
0 poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
0 if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
1 passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
1 definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
1 this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
0 well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
0 ... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
0 as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
1 the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .
1 the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
0 another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
0 a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
0 too silly to take seriously .
0 low comedy does n't come much lower .
1 it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
1 meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
1 davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
1 a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
0 ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
0 sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
1 hard to resist .
0 there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
1 director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here .
1 like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
0 no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
0 suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
0 it 's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
0 an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
1 a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
1 ... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
1 the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
1 quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .
0 most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
1 a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
0 deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet\/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
0 there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
1 secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
0 everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
1 this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
0 a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
0 ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
0 the movie has a script -lrb- by paul pender -rrb- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
1 the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
1 it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
0 even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
1 it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
0 they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
1 - west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
1 as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
0 a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
1 all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
1 represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
0 so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .
1 a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
1 a stylish thriller .
1 constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
1 birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
0 a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
1 that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
1 the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . '
0 there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
1 unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france .
1 the rock is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal .
0 adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
0 here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
0 plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
0 snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
1 before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
1 ... very funny , very enjoyable ...
0 the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
1 ... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
0 much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
1 lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
1 he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
1 it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
1 this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
1 it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
0 a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
1 often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
0 rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
1 ... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
0 it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .
1 a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
0 an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
1 a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
1 a smart little indie .
0 a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
0 ... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
0 goes on and on to the point of nausea .
1 i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre
0 master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
0 you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '
1 easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
1 despite the surface attractions -- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
0 broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
0 looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
1 that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring .
0 after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
1 nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
0 a puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
1 a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
0 after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
1 not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker .
1 it 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
1 even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
1 just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
1 the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
0 no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
1 when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .
1 on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
1 -lrb- reynolds -rrb- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
1 if you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , eisenstein delivers .
1 this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
1 probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
0 it made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire .
0 ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel -lrb- about schmidt -rrb- and an old payne screenplay .
1 ... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
1 this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .
0 nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
0 this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
0 every joke is repeated at least four times .
0 the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
0 and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
1 the best film of the year 2002 .
1 blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .
1 the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable .
1 a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
0 an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .
1 this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
0 a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
1 most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
0 starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
0 the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
0 -lrb- i -rrb- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .
0 but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
1 a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
0 this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
0 the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
0 an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
0 although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .
1 an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
1 a gripping drama .
1 it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
1 the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
0 its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -lrb- since sept. 11 -rrb- .
1 a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
1 as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
0 the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
1 classic cinema served up with heart and humor
0 there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .
0 the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
0 that 's because relatively nothing happens .
0 an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
0 but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
0 like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the party .
1 with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
1 oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
1 i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone .
1 when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
0 ... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
1 it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
1 a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
1 this is a children 's film in the truest sense .
1 a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
0 the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
1 a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
1 there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .
0 plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
1 a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .
1 leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
1 sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
1 it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
1 it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .
0 the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
1 she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
0 all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
1 this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
0 though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
1 jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
0 one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
1 other than the slightly flawed -lrb- and fairly unbelievable -rrb- finale , everything else is top shelf .
1 a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
0 `` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way .
0 seriously , rent the disney version .
1 the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .
0 it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
1 as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
0 the only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
1 in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
0 if you go , pack your knitting needles .
0 call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
1 assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
1 notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -
1 the big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
0 an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
0 what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .
0 too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
0 austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
1 nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
0 -lrb- t -rrb- oo many of these gross out scenes ...
1 an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
0 when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
0 killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
1 it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
1 if you like peace , you 'll like promises .
0 the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
1 a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
1 the performances are uniformly good .
0 it would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
1 if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
1 murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier .
0 ... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
1 the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
0 unwieldy contraption .
1 by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors .
0 a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
0 feral and uncomfortable .
1 one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
0 -lrb- a -rrb- crushing disappointment .
0 i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
0 seems like someone going through the motions .
0 despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
0 fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
1 ... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
1 the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
1 the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
1 ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
0 ` this movie sucks . '
1 an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
0 ... a bland , pretentious mess .
0 the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
1 alternately frustrating and rewarding .
0 ... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
0 a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
0 sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .
0 a listless and desultory affair .
0 a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
0 nothing about them is attractive .
1 manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
1 vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
1 the performances are an absolute joy .
1 this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
1 like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
1 it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .
1 it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
0 -lrb- swimfan -rrb- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
0 loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .
0 predictably melodramatic .
1 russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
1 highly engaging .
1 antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
0 the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
0 the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
0 more a gunfest than a rock concert .
1 if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
1 has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
0 a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
1 what 's next ?
0 nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
1 twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
1 an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
0 aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
0 fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
1 hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
1 washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
1 mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
0 very stupid and annoying .
0 an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
0 the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
1 it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
0 make like the title and dodge this one .
1 often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
0 the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role .
1 but it 's surprisingly harmless .
0 officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
0 a film that suffers because of its many excesses .
1 a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .
0 the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
0 staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
0 a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .
1 a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
1 functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
1 reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
0 the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
0 turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
0 one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
1 there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
0 a film that loses sight of its own story .
0 where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
0 these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
1 a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .
1 the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
0 a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
1 there 's plenty to impress about e.t.
1 the pianist -lrb- is -rrb- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .
1 topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
0 never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
1 has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
1 a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .
0 those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
0 sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '
0 the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
0 -lrb- t -rrb- he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
0 most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
0 consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .
0 imagine -lrb- if possible -rrb- a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .
0 just plain bad .
0 although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league .
0 when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
1 the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
0 director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
0 this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
0 if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack .
1 this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
0 sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .
1 as a film director , labute continues to improve .
0 a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
0 lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
0 the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
0 this is a film living far too much in its own head .
0 pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .
1 p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
0 imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene .
1 i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .
1 large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
1 `` frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
1 despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
0 any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
0 go , girls , right down the reality drain .
0 staggeringly dreadful romance .
1 a smart , compelling drama .
0 thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
1 ... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
1 deliciously slow .
0 the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
1 offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .
1 ... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
1 an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
1 an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession .
0 so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
0 a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .
1 beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .
0 pompous and garbled .
0 there 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
1 for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
1 the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
1 a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
0 it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
0 a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
0 cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
1 a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
1 a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .
0 constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
1 the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
1 an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
1 that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
1 what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
0 simplistic , silly and tedious .
0 we just do n't really care too much about this love story .
1 writer\/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
1 it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
1 now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .
1 offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
0 for a film about explosions and death and spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
1 it 's up to -lrb- watts -rrb- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
1 what makes this film special is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
0 well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
1 ... a solid , well-formed satire .
1 the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
0 less than fresh .
1 those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look .
0 a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
0 it 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -lrb- woo 's -rrb- best work .
1 using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
1 old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
0 they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
0 mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
1 an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
1 below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
0 i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
0 the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
0 is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?
0 this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
1 chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '
1 it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
0 white has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
1 world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
1 it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
1 witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
0 hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
0 gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
1 the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
1 using an endearing cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
0 some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
0 `` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
1 toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .
0 silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
1 it 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
1 and , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
0 the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
1 his work with actors is particularly impressive .
1 unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
0 worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
0 one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
0 when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
1 a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
0 wishy-washy .
0 no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .
0 it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
0 moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
1 for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !
0 too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
1 the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t.
0 a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
1 a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
0 why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , i did n't care .
0 shallow .
1 a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
1 but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
1 all three women deliver remarkable performances .
1 koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .
0 off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .
1 there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
1 in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
0 `` freaky friday , '' it 's not .
0 an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
1 bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -lrb- excepting love hewitt -rrb- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon .
1 while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
0 this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
1 maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
1 brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
0 borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
0 appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
0 the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
0 this u-boat does n't have a captain .
1 spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .
1 a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
1 you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
1 a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
0 it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
0 the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
1 it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
1 one fantastic -lrb- and educational -rrb- documentary .
1 the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly .
1 a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's .
1 he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
0 an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
1 cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
0 instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
1 i love the robust middle of this picture .
0 for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
1 it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
1 intriguing and downright intoxicating .
1 a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
1 i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .
1 a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
1 with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
0 steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .
1 george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
0 putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
0 with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
0 though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
1 `` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
0 with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
0 one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
1 except it 's much , much better .
1 good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
1 it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
0 is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
1 jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
1 its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
1 insightfully written , delicately performed
0 shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
0 kung pow is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
0 wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
0 the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .
1 the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
1 it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
1 a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
0 you 'll cry for your money back .
0 the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
1 a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
1 i loved the look of this film .
0 this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
0 another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
1 it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
0 a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
0 the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
1 for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
1 a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
0 what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
1 the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
0 an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
0 two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
0 aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
1 while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
1 the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .
0 it 's all surface psychodramatics .
1 comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
1 it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
0 it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
1 it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
1 scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
0 replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage .
1 the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
1 it thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -lrb- jaglom -rrb- pursued with such enervating determination in venice\/venice .
0 a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
0 like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
0 the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .
1 mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
0 no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
1 prepare to marvel again .
0 family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
0 stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
1 troubling and powerful .
0 cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
0 ` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
1 a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
1 amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
1 maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
1 nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .
0 rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
1 a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
1 a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
1 there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -lrb- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -rrb- , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .
0 plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
1 as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
0 it 's like a drive-by .
1 it 's sweet .
0 one of the worst movies of the year .
1 like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .
1 though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
1 -lrb- woo 's -rrb- most resonant film since the killer .
0 it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .
0 this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
1 strange and beautiful film .
0 the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
0 the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood .
0 the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
0 one of those so-so films that could have been much better .
0 has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .
0 as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music .
1 marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
0 ... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
0 ... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''
1 reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
1 as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
1 what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail .
1 steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
1 it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
1 the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .
1 the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
0 insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
0 this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
0 when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w.
0 evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
0 characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
1 it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
0 is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .
1 an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
0 cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .
0 been there done that .
0 something has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
1 tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
0 despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
1 cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
1 for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
1 delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
0 -- that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
0 you could hate it for the same reason .
1 a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
1 waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
1 `` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -lrb- and better -rrb- than most films with this theme .
1 thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
0 gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
0 julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
1 in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .
1 elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
1 dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
0 solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .
0 a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
0 stale , futile scenario .
1 a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing .
0 in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
0 full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
0 a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
1 a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
0 nothing but an episode of smackdown !
1 for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .
0 kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
0 the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
0 it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
0 a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
0 it 's drab .
1 ... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
1 what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
0 in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
1 i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
1 woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .
1 horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists .
1 a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
0 a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
1 10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
1 an enjoyable above average summer diversion .
0 watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
1 it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
0 violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
0 like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
0 as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
1 sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
1 `` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
1 a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
0 plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
1 all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
0 with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
0 like a fish that 's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
1 adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
1 canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
1 ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
1 like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .
0 tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
0 the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .
1 a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
1 a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .
1 by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
1 rewarding .
1 often hilarious .
1 shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
1 i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
0 the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
1 a very charming and funny movie .
1 nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
0 ... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
0 beware the quirky brit-com .
1 a sense of real magic , perhaps .
0 in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
1 a tour de force of modern cinema .
1 able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
0 it still feels like a prison stretch .
1 adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
1 he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
1 this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
0 the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
1 -lrb- a -rrb- smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
0 her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
0 a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
1 an impeccable study in perversity .
1 what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings .
1 offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
0 but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
0 a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
0 an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
0 i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
0 time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
0 a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
1 twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .
0 suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
0 talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
0 filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
0 the great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .
0 beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
0 more tiring than anything .
0 laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
0 uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
1 a perceptive , good-natured movie .
1 maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
0 if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
0 reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
1 if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
0 other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
0 the movie is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
1 like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
1 captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
1 gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
1 he drags it back , single-handed .
1 translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .
0 there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
1 a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
1 reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .
1 a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
1 be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
0 the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
1 both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .
1 the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
0 the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
1 it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
0 true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
0 the piano teacher is not an easy film .
0 degenerates into hogwash .
0 absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .
0 those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
1 sex with strangers is fascinating ...
0 unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
1 byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
0 green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .
1 a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
0 stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .
1 leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
0 if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
0 the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
0 a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
0 the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
1 neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
1 likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
0 what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
1 this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
1 another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
0 what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
1 expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
0 does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
1 despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
1 from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '
1 delight your senses and crash this wedding !
1 the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
1 ... wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
1 a true-blue delight .
0 about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
1 it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
0 what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
1 an enjoyable experience .
1 and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
0 very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
0 no , even that 's too committed .
0 the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
0 i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
1 the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
0 are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ?
0 this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
0 no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .
0 well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
1 much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
0 those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
1 its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
0 theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
1 this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .
0 ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
0 we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
0 like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
1 a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .
0 video games are more involving than this mess .
0 an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?
0 the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
1 dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
1 third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
1 weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
1 makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
1 a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
1 what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
0 equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
0 suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
1 eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
1 in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
0 for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
1 what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
1 it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room .
1 not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
1 spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .
1 amidst the action , the script carries arnold -lrb- and the viewers -rrb- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
1 as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
1 jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
0 -lrb- h -rrb- ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
1 it 's sort of in-between , and it works .
1 he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
0 unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
0 a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
1 a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
0 mediocre fable from burkina faso .
1 a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
0 the worst film of the year .
1 a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
1 for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
1 it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
1 there 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
1 in fact , it 's quite fun in places .
0 it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
0 manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
0 not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
0 it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .
1 hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
1 it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
1 genuinely unnerving .
1 enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
0 without any redeeming value whatsoever .
1 an intoxicating experience .
1 rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
0 they cheapen the overall effect .
1 what results is the best performance from either in years .
1 s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
0 an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
1 a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
0 a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
0 a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
1 deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
1 and more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
1 exploits -lrb- headbanger -rrb- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
0 resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
0 fluffy and disposible .
1 in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
0 odd and weird .
1 the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details .
0 no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
1 meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
0 can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
1 a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary .
0 interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .
0 it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
0 it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
0 reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
1 to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
1 a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
0 grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .
0 a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
0 not just unlikable .
1 a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
0 priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
0 disgusting .
0 excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
1 films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
1 -lrb- it 's -rrb- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
0 as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
1 but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .
1 real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .
1 the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
1 the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
1 mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .
1 ... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
0 ... really horrible drek .
1 wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
0 the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
1 a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
0 but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
1 what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .
0 snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
0 ... stale and uninspired .
1 hey , happy !
1 perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
1 it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
0 it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
0 if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is -lrb- cattaneo -rrb- sophomore slump .
0 rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
1 this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
0 for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
1 no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .
0 dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
0 baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
1 khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
0 as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
0 that 's its first sign of trouble .
1 the movie is ingenious fun .
0 ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
0 a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
1 until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
1 you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
0 hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .
1 it 's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
1 it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
0 makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
0 tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .
1 the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .
0 breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
0 the film can depress you about life itself .
1 the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
0 then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
1 its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
1 something for everyone .
0 the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
1 graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .
0 feels shrill , simple and soapy .
1 bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
0 it sucked .
1 will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
0 a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
0 a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
1 whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
1 skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
0 an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
0 a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .
1 the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
0 this thing is virtually unwatchable .
1 there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
0 this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
1 handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
0 schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
1 huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine .
0 yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
0 may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
1 terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
0 costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
1 the movie is brilliant , really .
1 an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
0 the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
1 there is truth here
1 kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
0 it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
0 it 's just not very smart .
0 meandering and confusing .
0 there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
1 the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
0 i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .
0 without -lrb- de niro -rrb- , city by the sea would slip under the waves .
1 great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
0 mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
1 if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .
1 it 's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
0 too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
0 instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
0 just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
1 williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
0 demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .
0 but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
1 promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .
1 impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
1 it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
1 a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
1 fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
0 to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
0 halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
1 the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before .
1 all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .
0 to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud .
1 a remarkable film by bernard rose .
0 overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
1 it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .
1 a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry .
0 it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
1 a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
0 a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .
0 it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
1 both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
1 i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
1 wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
0 the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
0 flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .
0 mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .
1 a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
1 there is greatness here .
1 lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
1 i liked this film a lot ...
1 demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
0 although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
0 but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
1 a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ''
1 those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
1 on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
0 the movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
1 it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
1 you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . '
0 a negligible british comedy .
1 great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
1 beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
1 , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
1 there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -lrb- if tragic -rrb- note .
1 children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
0 you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
0 little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
1 like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- delivers a magnetic performance .
0 despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .
0 by the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
0 a predictable , manipulative stinker .
0 ... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
1 a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
0 a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
1 it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
0 a bad movie that happened to good actors .
0 plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
0 ... a rather bland affair .
1 spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
1 by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .
0 despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
1 as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
1 it 's funny .
0 what an embarrassment .
0 i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
0 what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
1 that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .
1 without resorting to camp or parody , haynes -lrb- like sirk , but differently -rrb- has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
1 a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
0 this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .
0 jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
0 it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -lrb- or be entertained by -rrb- .
1 although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
0 sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -lrb- witherspoon 's -rrb- better films .
0 the film is all over the place , really .
0 has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
0 ... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
0 do n't even bother to rent this on video .
0 if only merchant paid more attention the story .
1 it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .
0 the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
0 -lrb- a -rrb- painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
1 richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
0 shunji iwai 's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
0 it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
1 maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
1 hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
0 franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
1 even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
1 fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
0 this is not an easy film .
0 a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
0 some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
1 it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
1 while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
0 the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld -lrb- who is also one of the film 's producers -rrb- do everything he can to look like a good guy .
0 in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
1 a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
0 squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
1 skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
1 as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
1 elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
0 its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
1 a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
0 at times , it actually hurts to watch .
0 made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
1 -lrb- taymor -rrb- utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
1 one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
1 forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .
1 i like it .
0 philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
1 while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
1 although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
0 a well-crafted letdown .
1 duvall is strong as always .
0 toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
1 terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
1 very well-written and very well-acted .
0 there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
0 girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .
0 adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
0 muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
0 morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
0 carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
1 nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
0 this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .
1 and that makes all the difference .
1 robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .
0 ... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? ''
1 it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
0 slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
0 forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
1 a riveting story well told .
0 for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
0 a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
0 this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
0 at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
0 mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
0 the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
1 the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
0 the script ?
1 nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
1 likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
1 borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
1 a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
1 sweet and memorable film .
1 this is a movie you can trust .
0 whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
1 impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .
0 these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
1 there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall .
1 it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
1 daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
1 many a parent and their teen -lrb- or preteen -rrb- kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .
1 the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
1 though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
1 evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
0 ... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
0 one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
1 and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
0 epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .
1 it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .
1 ` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .
0 needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
1 it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
0 but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
1 so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
1 despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
1 a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
1 effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
0 goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
1 quietly engaging .
1 what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
0 not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ?
0 a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
0 what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
1 the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
0 has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' .
1 a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
1 fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
0 as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
1 there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
1 ... `` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
0 it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
0 phoned-in business as usual .
0 the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
1 blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
0 to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
1 there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
1 bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
1 the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .
0 it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
1 an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
0 a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
1 a funny film .
1 a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
0 a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .
0 it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
1 an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
1 a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
0 eight legged freaks ?
1 malcolm mcdowell is cool .
0 the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
1 as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
0 a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
0 -lrb- a -rrb- slummer .
0 it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
1 an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
1 sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
0 for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
1 this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
1 at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
1 ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
0 ... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
0 even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
0 unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
1 the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
0 too much power , not enough puff .
0 despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy .
1 finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
1 even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
0 a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
1 the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .
0 here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
1 -lrb- dong -rrb- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
0 once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -lrb- denis ' -rrb- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
0 nothing too deep or substantial .
0 but what is missing from it all is a moral .
1 splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
0 obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
1 it 's definitely a step in the right direction .
0 vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
1 the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective .
1 this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
1 the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
1 although commentary on nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .
0 a nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
0 ... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
1 some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
1 but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
1 earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
1 jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .
1 an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
0 a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...
0 ` christian bale 's quinn -lrb- is -rrb- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
0 i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
1 it 's a scorcher .
0 a real snooze .
1 like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
0 the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
0 partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
0 for its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
1 a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
0 a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm -lrb- wo n't be an -rrb- exceedingly memorable one for most people .
1 fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
0 this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
0 but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
1 at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
0 lookin ' for sin , american-style ?
0 it drowns in sap .
0 laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
0 interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
0 believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
1 filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
1 the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
0 the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
1 steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
0 ... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
1 this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want .
1 features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
1 a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
0 starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
0 though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
0 swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
1 although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
0 even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
0 the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view .
0 what 's worse is that pelosi knows it .
0 a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
0 although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
0 everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
1 brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
1 it is definitely worth seeing .
1 a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
0 will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
1 a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
1 allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
1 everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view .
1 both lead performances are oscar-size .
1 as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
0 it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
0 all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
1 elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
1 the film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
0 i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
1 too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
0 though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
1 the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
1 the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
0 ... silly humbuggery ...
0 predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
1 worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .
1 it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
0 ... too sappy for its own good .
0 this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .
0 no , i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
1 if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -lrb- and its makers ' -rrb- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .
0 little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
0 one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
1 the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
0 a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
0 for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
0 richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .
1 a movie of riveting power and sadness .
1 robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
1 the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
1 just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
0 written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter .
0 it 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
0 one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
1 seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
0 not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
1 a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
0 it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
1 k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
1 a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
1 god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
1 it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
1 if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
1 watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
1 moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
1 it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
1 the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .
0 the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
1 nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . '
0 sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
0 -lrb- a -rrb- stale retread of the '53 original .
1 more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
1 alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
0 there 's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
1 the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
0 zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
0 to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .
0 is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
0 at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
0 a ragbag of cliches .
0 overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
1 the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
1 steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
1 niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
1 it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .
0 the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
0 the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
1 whatever complaints i might have , i 'd take -lrb- its -rrb- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .
0 rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
1 another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
0 but here 's a movie about it anyway .
1 if -lrb- jaglom 's -rrb- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
0 i did n't smile .
1 the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
0 kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -lrb- or worth rooting against , for that matter -rrb- .
1 it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story
0 befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
0 nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
0 it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
1 now as a former gong show addict , i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
1 enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
0 this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
0 a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .
1 strange it is , but delightfully so .
0 the story has little wit and no surprises .
0 crummy .
0 just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
1 this is a very funny , heartwarming film .
1 good-naturedly cornball sequel .
0 the french director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
0 it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
1 a small movie with a big impact .
0 the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
1 crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
1 an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
1 -lrb- gosling 's -rrb- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
1 and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
0 in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .
0 reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
1 marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
0 there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
0 a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
1 an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
1 this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
1 a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .
1 ... spiced with humor -lrb- ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -rrb- and witty updatings -lrb- silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -rrb-
0 has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
1 not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
1 a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
1 matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
0 a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
1 there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.
1 the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
1 at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
1 invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
0 a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
0 patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
1 a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
1 rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
0 a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
0 should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
1 -lrb- barry -rrb- gives assassin a disquieting authority .
0 its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
1 a moving and important film .
1 these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
0 a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
0 a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
1 yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
1 `` cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ''
1 what 's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
1 surprisingly insightful
1 to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
0 the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
0 earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
1 brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
1 arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
0 it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
0 pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
0 you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars .
0 truly terrible .
0 it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
0 each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
0 fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
1 a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...
1 one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
0 a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .
1 highly watchable stuff .
1 exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
0 content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
1 a charming but slight comedy .
1 an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
0 a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
0 it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
1 but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
1 as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .
1 young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
1 excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
1 the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
0 its generic villains lack any intrigue -lrb- other than their funny accents -rrb- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
1 while bollywood\/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those -lrb- like me -rrb- who are n't .
0 has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
0 in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24\/7 .
1 captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
1 in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
0 deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered .
1 a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
1 well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
1 an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
0 it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
1 a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
0 a muted freak-out
1 lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .
0 absolutely not .
1 by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
1 the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...
1 vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
1 ` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
1 at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? '
0 in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . ''
0 barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
1 an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
1 at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
1 the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
0 it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
1 sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
1 the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
1 i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint .
0 a dreary movie .
1 a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .
0 cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
0 you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
0 the premise itself is just sooooo tired .
1 like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
0 the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
1 there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .
1 an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
1 a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
0 ... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .
1 the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
0 aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
1 i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
1 a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
1 no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing .
1 it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works .
1 aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
0 ... blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
0 every joke is repeated at least four times .
1 a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
1 if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .
1 stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
1 just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
1 in the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
1 samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .
1 it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
1 a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
0 an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
1 this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
1 waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .
1 it 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
0 solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
0 ... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
0 the crap continues .
1 while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
0 it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
0 this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
1 a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
1 a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
0 unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
1 i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed .
0 what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
1 you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
0 nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
0 as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
1 aside from rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
1 a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
0 this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
0 there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
1 the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
1 the ingenious construction -lrb- adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel -rrb- constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
0 the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ''
1 but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
1 weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
1 it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
1 a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
1 quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .
1 not to mention absolutely refreshed .
1 you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
1 arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
1 there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
1 i like this movie a lot .
0 comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
1 close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
0 while the transgressive trappings -lrb- especially the frank sex scenes -rrb- ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
0 blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
1 a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan .
1 -lrb- a -rrb- strong piece of work .
1 daring and beautifully made .
1 a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
0 ... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
1 slight but enjoyable documentary .
0 adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
1 when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
0 nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
0 not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
0 and in a sense , that 's a liability .
0 the romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
1 hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .
1 poignant and funny .
1 this is pure , exciting moviemaking .
0 never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
0 a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
1 the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
1 there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
1 a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
1 one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
1 an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
1 there 's an energy to y tu mamá también .
0 the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
0 the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
0 not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
1 miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
0 the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -lrb- restored -rrb- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
1 if you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x.
1 all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .
0 in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
1 ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .
0 i do n't think so .
0 at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
1 a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
1 poetry in motion captured on film .
0 parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
0 the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
0 almost peerlessly unsettling .
0 despite auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
1 -lrb- ferrera -rrb- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
1 a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
1 flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
0 while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
1 the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
0 daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
1 if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
1 it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
1 what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
1 carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall -lrb- also a producer -rrb- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
1 there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
0 suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
1 the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
1 walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .
0 parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
0 whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
1 fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
0 there 's no energy .
0 starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
1 kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
1 a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
1 seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing .
1 alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
0 true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
1 with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
1 a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .
0 the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .
0 grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
1 definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
0 it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
1 as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
0 extremely bad .
0 although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
1 deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .
0 what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
0 any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
0 it 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
1 cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
1 it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
1 argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
1 as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
1 ... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
1 beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
1 it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
0 ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .
1 the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
0 purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .
1 any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
1 an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
0 halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
1 the magic -lrb- and original running time -rrb- of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version .
1 michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .
1 frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
1 predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
0 sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
0 such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
1 a modest masterpiece .
1 neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
1 and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
1 it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
1 shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
0 seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .
1 takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
0 but it does n't leave you with much .
1 the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
1 broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
0 as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks .
0 two-bit potboiler .
1 a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
1 a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
0 at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
0 it 's just rather leaden and dull .
0 problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
0 the movie is a mess from start to finish .
1 its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
1 one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
0 but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
1 a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
1 the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .
0 the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
0 scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
1 a beautifully observed character piece .
1 compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph .
0 as plain and pedestrian as catsup --
1 some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
1 that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
1 with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
1 a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
0 a loquacious and dreary piece of business .
0 behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
0 a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
0 ` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '
0 there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
0 one lousy movie .
0 it 's such a mechanical endeavor -lrb- that -rrb- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
0 a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
0 until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
0 abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
0 needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
1 with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
0 where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
1 a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
1 skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
0 -lrb- soderbergh -rrb- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
1 writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
0 the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
0 each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
1 sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
1 like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
1 even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
0 the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
0 this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .
1 it 's a cool event for the whole family .
0 time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
1 a beautiful , entertaining two hours .
0 though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
0 too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
1 another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
1 the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .
1 the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
0 love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it .
0 this director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
1 `` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
0 movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
1 an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
1 producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
0 it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .
1 what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
1 but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
0 adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
0 a mess .
1 the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
1 so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
1 talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
1 a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
1 after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel better already .
1 mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
0 the characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
1 reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
1 though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
1 monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
1 it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
1 interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
0 what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
0 there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
1 there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .
1 though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .
0 one of the worst films of 2002 .
0 lazy , miserable and smug .
0 -lrb- t -rrb- he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
0 often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
1 an animation landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
0 this thing is just garbage .
1 `` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
1 still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
1 a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother .
0 like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
1 what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
1 it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
1 the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
1 proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
1 a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .
0 never inspires more than an interested detachment .
1 a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .
1 this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .
0 instead of trying to bust some blondes , -lrb- diggs -rrb- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
1 delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
0 meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .
1 a weird , arresting little ride .
0 but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
0 it 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
1 the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .
1 nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
0 the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
1 there 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
1 but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .
1 the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
0 never does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . ''
1 a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
1 the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
1 a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
1 that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
0 my own minority report is that it stinks .
1 cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
1 brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .
1 ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
0 frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
1 ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
1 too clever by about nine-tenths .
1 horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
0 a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
1 an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
1 watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
0 there 's no good answer to that one .
1 -lrb- while the last metro -rrb- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
1 cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
1 if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy the hot chick .
1 with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .
0 a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
0 a non-mystery mystery .
1 there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
0 there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
1 together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
1 i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
0 fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
0 instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
0 feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
0 it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .
1 gangster no. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
0 why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
1 no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
1 -lrb- rises -rrb- above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .
1 captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''
1 never once predictable .
0 the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .
1 offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
0 the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l.a. to that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
0 i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
0 the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -lrb- it -rrb- comes off like a hallmark commercial .
1 the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
0 a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
1 nice piece of work .
0 the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
0 episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
1 this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
0 though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
0 noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
1 what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
1 the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
0 cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
1 jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
1 -lrb- gayton 's script -rrb- telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
1 i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
0 ... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
1 there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .
0 plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has .
0 dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
1 this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
0 the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
1 delightfully rendered
0 shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that 's something i would rather live in denial about
1 many insightful moments .
0 made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .
1 the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
0 anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
1 director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
1 as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .
0 -lrb- tries -rrb- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states .
0 they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
1 especially give credit to affleck .
0 a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
1 and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
0 this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
0 though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
1 according to wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
0 even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
1 it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
0 a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
1 a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
1 but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
0 a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
0 thumbs down .
1 while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
0 at a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
0 upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
1 as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done .
0 an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories .
1 -lrb- shyamalan -rrb- turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
0 totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .
1 there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
0 woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .
1 lightweight but appealing .
0 there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
0 what 's infuriating about full frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
1 the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
1 macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
1 director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
1 the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
1 the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
1 the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
0 lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
1 a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .
0 `` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
1 featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
0 hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
1 everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .
1 it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
1 the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
0 once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
1 a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
0 the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
0 an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
0 unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .
1 nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
1 and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
1 there 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
1 the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
0 go back to sleep .
0 this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
0 it 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? ''
1 secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
0 a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
0 nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
1 one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
0 this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
1 happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
0 fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .
1 whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .
1 jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
0 banal and predictable .
0 takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker .
0 the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
1 best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
0 it does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
0 scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
0 a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .
0 unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
1 `` the best disney movie since the lion king ''
1 best indie of the year , so far .
0 feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
0 it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
1 simone is not a bad film .
1 a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
0 as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -lrb- franco -rrb- has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
1 the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
0 the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
0 for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
0 the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
1 ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
1 the film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
1 death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision .
0 the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
0 there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
0 it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
0 it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
0 it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
1 efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
0 ... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
1 it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
1 ... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
1 what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
0 an opportunity missed .
1 canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
1 fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
0 dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
1 a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
0 the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
0 the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
1 beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
0 perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .
0 the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
1 the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
1 puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
0 there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
1 boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
0 it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
0 the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
1 i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent .
1 very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
0 if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
1 coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .
1 but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
0 i wanted more .
1 the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
0 as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
1 a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
1 a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
1 it 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
0 ... a pretentious mess ...
1 it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
0 terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
0 a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
1 captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
1 if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
0 writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
0 this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer .
0 in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
1 singer\/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
0 does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
0 this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
0 the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
0 if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
1 boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
0 the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
1 it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
0 weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
1 once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
0 choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . '
1 better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
0 the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
0 ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
0 though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
1 the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
0 low rent from frame one .
0 sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
0 unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
0 it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''
1 over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
1 what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
0 it hates its characters .
0 ... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
0 with `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miike , japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ...
0 anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
0 comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
0 we do n't even like their characters .
0 just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
0 the characters never change .
0 even kids deserve better .
0 while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
0 once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
1 this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .
0 into how long is this movie ?
1 the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
0 think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
1 you 'll probably love it .
0 and for all the wrong reasons besides .
1 reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .
1 in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .
1 if you love him , you 'll like it .
1 what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
1 i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
0 the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
0 the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
0 so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
1 victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
1 psychologically savvy .
1 a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
1 a chilling movie without oppressive gore .
0 we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
0 star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
1 several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
1 the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .
1 the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .
1 a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .
0 the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .
1 directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
0 because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
0 viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
0 they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
1 as it turns out , you can go home again .
1 it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
1 his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
1 writer \/ director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
1 fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
1 what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
0 abysmally pathetic
0 instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
0 the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -lrb- unintentionally -rrb- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
1 blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
0 it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
1 an exhilarating experience .
1 a dazzling dream of a documentary .
1 narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
1 jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
1 in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
0 animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
0 but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '
1 `` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
0 not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
0 an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
1 family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
0 the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
1 it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
0 demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
0 i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
1 it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
1 like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film -lrb- at 80 minutes -rrb- is actually quite entertaining .
0 the lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
0 medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
0 is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
1 art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
0 madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .
0 so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
1 ... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
1 it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
0 it should have stayed there .
1 well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
1 bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
0 what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
1 it 's that good .
1 a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a very good -lrb- but not great -rrb- movie .
1 enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
1 a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
1 directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
0 ... a confusing drudgery .
1 it 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
0 -lrb- a -rrb- mess .
0 plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .
0 black-and-white and unrealistic .
0 -lrb- lin chung 's -rrb- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -lrb- at least to this western ear -rrb- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
0 it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
1 hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .
1 the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
1 a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
0 a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
0 taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
0 good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .
1 intimate and panoramic .
0 suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
0 hate it because it 's lousy .
0 this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
0 big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
0 a doa dud from frame one .
0 why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
0 just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
1 `` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
1 it 's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
1 the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .
1 robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .
0 ... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
1 intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
0 like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
1 where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
1 throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
0 a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
0 i did n't laugh .
1 holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin .
1 one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .
1 bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
0 such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
0 the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
0 the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
0 uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
0 even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
1 boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
0 the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
0 you do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
0 the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
1 the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .
1 it 's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
1 often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .
1 in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land .
0 sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .
0 this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .
1 talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .
0 it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
0 shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
1 in fact , even better .
0 feels familiar and tired .
0 the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
1 but it 's worth the concentration .
1 a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
1 the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
1 humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
1 what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
1 one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .
1 is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
0 brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
0 an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
1 the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .
1 catch it ... if you can !
0 to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
0 it 's not too much of anything .
0 one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
0 everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
1 the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .
0 memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
1 this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
1 the performances are remarkable .
1 as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
0 not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ?
0 everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
1 both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
1 this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
1 -lrb- p -rrb- artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting .
0 i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy .
1 a captivating new film .
1 it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
1 you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
0 this is just lazy writing .
1 a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans .
0 while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie 's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
1 coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
1 is one of this year 's very best pictures .
1 the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
1 the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
1 a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
1 ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .
1 satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
0 trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''
1 wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
1 because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .
1 more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
1 i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
1 a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
0 and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
1 contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
0 mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
0 just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
1 it 's always enthralling .
0 one big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
1 one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
1 diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
1 one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
1 is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .
0 but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
0 a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
0 watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
1 an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
1 can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
0 this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
0 the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
1 a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
1 smarter than its commercials make it seem .
1 a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
1 could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
1 a french film with a more down-home flavor .
0 when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
1 an asian neo-realist treasure .
0 generic thriller junk .
1 an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
0 while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
1 more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
0 apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .
1 thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
1 a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic .
0 or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
1 it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .
0 the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
1 sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -lrb- as best i remember -rrb- , but still a very good time at the cinema .
0 by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
0 a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken .
1 a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
0 scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
1 i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
1 chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
0 the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
0 brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
1 if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
1 even the digressions are funny .
1 and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
0 in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
1 visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
0 as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
1 we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again .
1 gets better after foster leaves that little room .
1 compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
0 -lrb- evans is -rrb- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
0 the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .
0 this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? '
1 manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
0 feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
0 a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic .
0 the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
0 a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
0 a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .
0 is n't as sharp as the original ... despite some visual virtues , ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it .
0 enigma lacks it .
1 mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
0 too bad none of it is funny .
1 overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
1 there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .
1 yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
1 this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers .
1 a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .
1 like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
1 i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .
0 -lrb- n -rrb- o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
1 not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
0 after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
1 texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
0 obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -lrb- including mine -rrb- on something very inconsequential .
0 should have gone straight to video .
1 maryam is more timely now than ever .
0 koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
1 it deserves to be seen everywhere .
1 a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
0 you do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california .
1 by turns very dark and very funny .
0 completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
0 suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
0 nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
1 uneven but a lot of fun .
0 the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
0 the biggest problem i have -lrb- other than the very sluggish pace -rrb- is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
1 ... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
0 a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
0 -lrb- moore 's -rrb- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
1 ... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
0 is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
0 there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
0 -lrb- green is -rrb- the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
0 once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
0 some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
1 brave and sweetly rendered love story .
1 for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
1 the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .
1 while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
0 long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
1 the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
1 a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
1 bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .
0 the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
1 this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
1 remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
0 a complete waste of time .
1 should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
1 an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
1 you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .
0 resident evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail .
1 that works .
1 what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
1 the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
1 a classy , sprightly spin on film .
0 frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
0 in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
1 watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
1 nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
0 it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
0 so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
1 one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
1 this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
1 if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
0 if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
0 a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
1 refreshing .
0 a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .
1 by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .
0 the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
1 ... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
0 while the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
0 the locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
0 releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .
1 alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
1 director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
0 shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
0 cinematic poo .
1 she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
0 i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
0 buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block .
1 in an art film !
1 presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
1 after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
1 promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .
1 it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
1 robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
0 the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
0 the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
1 tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .
0 a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
1 playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
0 the story itself is actually quite vapid .
0 this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
0 he does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
0 no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
1 the film has several strong performances .
0 nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah .
1 the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
0 too predictably , in fact .
1 what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
0 it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
1 japanese director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
0 one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears .
0 jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company .
1 not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
1 a true pleasure .
0 lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
0 if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
1 a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
1 i loved this film .
0 if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
0 could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
1 for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
0 it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
1 probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
0 i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
0 this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
1 this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
1 sparse but oddly compelling .
0 despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
1 it 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
0 the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
0 -lrb- the film 's -rrb- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers .
0 as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
1 lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
1 -lrb- washington 's -rrb- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
0 only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
0 i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
1 this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
1 i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon .
0 entertaining enough , but nothing new
1 pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
1 changing lanes tries for more .
0 the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
1 the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
1 ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
1 for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
1 a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
1 certainly the performances are worthwhile .
1 fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -lrb- director phillip -rrb- noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
1 i do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
1 the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
1 spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
1 a weird and wonderful comedy .
1 smart and taut .
0 a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
1 this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
1 in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
1 a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
1 every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
1 an extraordinary dramatic experience .
0 piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
0 no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
0 it 's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf .
0 drowning 's too good for this sucker .
0 if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it .
0 as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
0 everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
1 a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
1 a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
1 directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
0 it 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
1 cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
0 would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
0 this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
0 there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .
0 i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
0 it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
0 chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
1 the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
0 they just do n't work in concert .
0 an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
1 both damning and damned compelling .
0 it 's not original enough .
1 apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .
0 the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
1 a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
1 he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
0 this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
1 a serious movie with serious ideas .
0 attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
0 plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .
0 stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
1 it 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
1 leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
1 beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
1 campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .
1 then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...
0 that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
1 land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
0 barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
0 build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .
1 cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement .
0 bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
0 despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
0 but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .
0 forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
0 it 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
1 what 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
0 yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
0 every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
0 the film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
0 a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original .
1 with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .
1 watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
1 e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
1 yes , it 's as good as you remember .
1 for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
1 full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
0 little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
1 peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
0 this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
1 a joyous occasion
1 -lrb- `` take care of my cat '' -rrb- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
0 novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
1 one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
0 trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain .
1 a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .
0 you have no affinity for most of the characters .
0 its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .
1 whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
0 a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
1 charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie .
1 move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
0 an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 .
0 for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
1 congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !
0 a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
0 is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
1 it 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
0 the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
0 in between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
1 expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
0 an exit sign , that is .
1 beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
1 entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
0 just dreadful .
1 bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
1 a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
0 the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
0 yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title .
0 before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
0 ... while dark water is n't a complete wash -lrb- no pun intended -rrb- , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
1 plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
1 one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
0 the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
0 despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
0 is a mess .
0 adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
1 ... quite endearing .
0 hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
0 a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
1 a little better than sorcerer 's stone .
1 nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
0 almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ''
0 imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .
0 there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
0 a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
1 renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
1 the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
0 the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
0 wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
0 steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .
1 a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
0 if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
0 tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . ''
1 warm and exotic .
0 the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
1 rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
0 like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
1 a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .
1 it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
1 here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
1 one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
0 done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
0 unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .
1 uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
0 deserving of its critical backlash and more .
0 do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
1 more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
1 the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .
0 a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
1 like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
0 it 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ?
1 this movie is to be cherished .
1 in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
0 the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
0 entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
1 ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
1 i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
1 while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .
1 for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
1 an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
1 like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
1 spare but quietly effective retelling .
1 the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
0 this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
0 it 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
0 a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
1 harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
0 all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
1 fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
0 the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
0 a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
1 a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
1 the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
0 skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
0 ... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
0 forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
1 an action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .
1 beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
1 the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis .
0 ... hypnotically dull .
0 we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
0 but then again , i hate myself most mornings .
0 although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
1 it can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .
1 the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
1 part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
1 a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
1 unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
1 there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
0 it winds up moving in many directions as it searches -lrb- vainly , i think -rrb- for something fresh to say .
0 it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
1 with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
0 rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
1 but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
0 the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
1 romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
0 -lrb- a -rrb- rather thinly-conceived movie .
1 good , solid storytelling .
1 it 's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions .
0 the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
0 a smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
0 um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
1 -lrb- has -rrb- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .
1 a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
1 bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
0 a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
0 to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ...
0 the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
1 craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
0 rosenthal -lrb- halloween ii -rrb- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
1 but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
1 famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .
0 ` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy .
0 -lrb- toback 's -rrb- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .
1 at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
0 the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -lrb- teen comedy -rrb- genre a bad name .
1 elegant and eloquent -lrb- meditation -rrb- on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
0 weird .
1 -lrb- clooney 's -rrb- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
0 pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
0 the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
1 nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me -lrb- horrors ! -rrb-
1 romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
1 no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
1 scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
0 a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
0 ... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
0 will anyone who is n't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
1 your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
1 exciting and well-paced .
1 lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .
0 like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
1 the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
0 femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
1 combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
0 just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
1 the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
1 filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
1 rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
1 takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
0 more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
0 fairly run-of-the-mill .
1 so could young romantics out on a date .
1 despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
0 the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
0 the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
0 though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
1 satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .
0 due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
0 it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
1 a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
1 noyce has worked wonders with the material .
0 a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
0 no thanks .
1 despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .
1 delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
0 action - mechanical .
0 another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
0 this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
0 it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
0 while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
1 although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
1 the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
0 a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
1 overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .
0 some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen .
1 a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film
1 labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
0 the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
0 an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
1 ... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
1 as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
1 the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
0 the action clichés just pile up .
0 not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
1 a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
1 if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
1 you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
1 `` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
1 highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
1 gently humorous and touching .
0 puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .
0 vulgar is too optimistic a title .
0 `` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .
1 visually captivating .
1 as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
0 writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . '
0 for the future , one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
1 the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
1 very predictable but still entertaining
0 if you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
1 has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
1 mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
0 it all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
1 its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
1 armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
1 ... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
0 a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
1 a small gem from belgium .
1 the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
1 worth a look as a curiosity .
0 if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
0 eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .
1 short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
1 poignant and delicately complex .
1 and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
1 simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
1 ... could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .
0 the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
0 for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
1 it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
0 the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
1 the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
1 the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
1 in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
0 the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
1 it 's a quirky , off-beat project .
1 if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
1 coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
1 starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
0 feeble comedy .
0 no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
0 ... the good and different idea -lrb- of middle-aged romance -rrb- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''
0 would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
0 sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
1 the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
0 the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?
1 wise and deadpan humorous .
0 twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
0 boring and meandering .
0 while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .
0 make chan 's action sequences boring .
0 simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
0 proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
0 but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
1 an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -lrb- or turntablism -rrb- in particular .
1 screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
1 -lrb- ramsay -rrb- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
1 works as pretty contagious fun .
1 in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
0 ... liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
0 if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
0 ... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
0 the sheer dumbness of the plot -lrb- other than its one good idea -rrb- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
1 those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
1 provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
1 ... there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
1 raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
0 if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
0 it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
1 it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
1 an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
1 it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
0 i do n't think this movie loves women at all .
1 american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
1 do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
1 ... -lrb- the film -rrb- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
0 features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
0 too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
0 the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
1 an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
0 ... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
0 thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
0 what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks -lrb- at least during their '70s heyday -rrb- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
0 it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire .
0 jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
1 everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
0 one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
0 where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
1 scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
1 the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .
1 one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
1 the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
1 beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
1 griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
1 it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
1 a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
0 too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
1 pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
0 given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
0 with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .
1 an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
0 but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
1 the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
0 queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
0 a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .
0 a cartoon ?
0 a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .
0 the problem with `` xxx '' is that its own action is n't very effective .
1 ` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . '
0 with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
0 ... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
0 no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
1 australian actor\/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
1 twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
1 at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
0 insufferably naive .
0 these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
1 worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
1 it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
1 the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
0 far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
1 serious and thoughtful .
1 soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .
1 a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
1 alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
0 this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
1 it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
0 it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
0 a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
0 though harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
0 schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ...
0 in this case zero .
0 the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
1 the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
1 sexy and romantic .
0 by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
1 arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
1 vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
1 the concept is a hoot .
1 it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
0 in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
0 perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
0 ... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
1 the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
1 even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
1 delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
0 if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .
1 more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
1 i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .
0 amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
1 wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
1 the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
1 a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
0 a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
0 the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
1 the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
0 what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses -lrb- and one academy award winning actor -rrb- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best .
0 -lrb- jackson and bledel -rrb- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
0 whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .
1 piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
0 gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .
0 if only it had the story to match .
1 `` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''
1 the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
1 the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
1 an excellent sequel .
0 the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
1 it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
0 the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
1 both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
0 all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
1 a quiet , disquieting triumph .
1 anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .
0 -lrb- carvey 's -rrb- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
0 if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .
0 rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
1 sleek and arty .
1 a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
1 the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
0 it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
0 it 's splash without the jokes .
1 even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
0 you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
1 a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
1 ` possession , ' based on the book by a.s. byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
0 did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
0 cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
1 some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
0 the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
1 others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
1 an awfully good , achingly human picture .
0 but no. .
0 it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
0 i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
0 a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
0 it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
1 provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
0 a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
0 little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
1 director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
1 despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
0 the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .
1 the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
1 it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
1 ... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -lrb- cool visual backmasking -rrb- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
0 rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
1 return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .
1 the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
0 much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
1 a pleasing , often-funny comedy .
1 a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
1 good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .
0 after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
0 it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
1 her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
0 bad company .
1 so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .
1 if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
0 swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
1 almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ...
0 an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
1 despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
0 otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
1 -lrb- at least -rrb- moore is a real charmer .
0 leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
1 this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
1 the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious .
1 by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
0 ... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
0 the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
0 does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
1 tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
0 a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
1 a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
0 elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
0 it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
0 sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
0 donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
0 this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .
0 in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
0 as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
1 the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .
1 though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
1 a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
0 despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
0 well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -lrb- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -rrb- .
1 like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
0 brisk hack job .
1 thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
1 performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
0 it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
1 miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
1 this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
0 as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer -lrb- jeremy renner -rrb- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
0 as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
1 if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''
1 has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .
1 although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
1 -lrb- cuarón has -rrb- created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
0 and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
0 billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
0 shrewd but pointless .
1 the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
1 proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
1 ... wise and elegiac ...
1 though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .
0 not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
0 all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .
1 the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
0 friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .
0 opera on film is never satisfactory .
1 nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
0 but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
0 gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable .
0 loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
1 while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
0 mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
0 if you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
0 an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
0 a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
0 the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
0 only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
0 is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?
1 like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
0 statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
0 a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
0 for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
0 kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
1 one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .
0 feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
0 it gets old quickly .
0 feels less like a change in -lrb- herzog 's -rrb- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
1 exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
1 good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
1 tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
0 he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
0 it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
1 some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
0 hollywood ending just is n't very funny .
1 a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
1 but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
1 ` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
0 upper teens may get cynical .
1 welles groupie\/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .
1 the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
0 it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
1 birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
1 stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .
1 it is a likable story , told with competence .
0 a gushy episode of `` m \* a \* s \* h '' only this time from an asian perspective .
0 bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
1 a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
0 you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
1 a good thriller .
0 you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
0 it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
0 rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
0 works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
1 there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .
1 while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
0 the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
0 the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
0 it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
1 ... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
0 with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
1 mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .
1 about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
1 but on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .
0 we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
1 the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
1 the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .
0 sad nonsense , this .
0 every note rings false .
1 the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
1 succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
1 plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
1 an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
0 the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up .
1 howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective .
0 eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
1 even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
1 inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
0 like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
1 it 's better than the phantom menace .
1 an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
1 broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
1 a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
1 this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
0 formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
0 when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
0 the results are far more alienating than involving .
0 these characters become wearisome .
1 it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
0 i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
0 comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
0 the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .
0 the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
0 more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
0 although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
1 though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .
0 you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
0 one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
0 instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
0 the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
1 a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
0 the comedy is nonexistent .
1 a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
0 ... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
1 an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
1 romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
1 try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
1 every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
0 spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
1 the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
0 -lrb- less a movie than -rrb- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
1 funny and touching .
0 an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
1 affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
0 a fifty car pileup of cliches .
1 will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
0 one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
1 a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
1 this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
1 the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
1 as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds .
0 does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
1 chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
1 the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
0 a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
1 shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
0 the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
0 below is well below expectations .
0 a generic international version of a typical american horror film .
0 includes too much obvious padding .
1 at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
0 the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
1 a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
0 in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine .
1 peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
0 -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
1 whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
1 the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .
1 parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
1 a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .
1 -lrb- gulpilil -rrb- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .
1 the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .
1 an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...
1 the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
0 the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
1 munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
0 it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .
0 the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
1 a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .
0 the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
1 mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
1 that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon -lrb- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -rrb- ...
1 pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .
0 much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
1 it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
0 busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
0 imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
1 extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
1 bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
1 ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .
0 such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
0 return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .
1 writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
1 drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
1 oddly compelling .
0 feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .
0 a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours -lrb- and , for that matter , shrek -rrb- .
1 strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
1 shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
1 a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
1 though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life .
0 the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
1 cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
0 this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
0 ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
1 while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .
0 but it would be better to wait for the video .
0 dreary tale of middle-class angst
1 though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
1 the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen -lrb- vega -rrb- and juni -lrb- sabara -rrb- cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
1 it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
1 seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .
0 to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
0 the movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
0 none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
0 there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
1 i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .
0 this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .
1 k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
0 what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
0 it 's quite diverting nonsense .
0 aggravating and tedious .
0 i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
1 a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
1 more precious than perspicacious
1 rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
0 a moving picture that does not move .
0 this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
0 just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
1 -lrb- fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall -rrb- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
1 a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
0 the superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -lrb- water -rrb- weight of the other .
1 ... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
1 spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .
1 speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
1 audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
1 an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
1 its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
1 a compassionate , moving portrait of an american -lrb- and an america -rrb- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
1 -lrb- stephen -rrb- earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
1 adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
0 if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
1 an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
1 with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .
0 an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
0 it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
1 -lrb- jeff 's -rrb- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
1 it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
1 the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
1 the heat of the moment prevails .
1 a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .
0 return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version -lrb- no more racist portraits of indians , for instance -rrb- , but the excitement is missing .
0 the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
1 the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain .
0 while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
0 contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
1 broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
1 offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
1 muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
0 this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
1 my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
1 a riveting documentary .
1 while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
0 so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
1 sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
1 it 's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments .
1 great character interaction .
0 louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .
0 even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
1 a meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` b + . ''
1 funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
1 trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
1 nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
1 but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
0 there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
0 the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
1 birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
0 potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
0 does n't add up to much .
0 while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire .
0 the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
1 despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
0 this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
0 one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen .
1 it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
1 the movie is well crafted , and well executed .
0 it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .
0 90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
1 moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
0 a big fat pain .
0 this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
1 as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
0 while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
0 it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
0 hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
1 parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
1 it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
0 for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .
0 it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
1 affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
0 slap her - she 's not funny !
0 everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
0 see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
0 if you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .
1 a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life .
1 an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
0 love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
1 this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .
0 gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
0 deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
0 it 's still terrible !
0 it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
1 if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .
1 will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
1 they 're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
1 while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
1 davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .
1 heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
1 scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
1 barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
0 an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
0 this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
1 stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
0 this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
0 it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
1 in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
0 sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
1 i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .
1 it 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
1 continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
1 he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
1 so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
0 he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
1 insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
0 it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
1 while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad .
1 a slight but sweet film .
0 my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .
0 one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
0 an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton .
1 a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
0 it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
1 a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
0 the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
1 the son of the bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
0 an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
1 an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
0 the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
1 unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
0 in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
0 boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
1 pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
0 exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
1 the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .
1 the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth .
0 to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
0 lacks depth .
0 it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .
0 in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
1 this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
0 rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
1 straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
1 though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
1 it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .
1 the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year .
1 anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
1 as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
0 the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
1 -lrb- a -rrb- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
1 dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
1 it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
1 -lrb- hayek -rrb- throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .
0 the film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind .
0 the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .
0 the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -lrb- of which they 'll get plenty -rrb- fills me with revulsion .
1 captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
0 jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
0 contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
0 one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
0 the film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .
1 like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
1 savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
0 puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
0 the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
0 has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
1 while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
0 completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
1 ... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
1 a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
0 it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
0 we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
0 feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
1 both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
1 bravado kathy !
0 execrable .
0 -lrb- seagal 's -rrb- strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's razzie .
0 thoroughly awful .
1 the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
0 starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
1 despite besson 's high-profile name being wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
0 often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?
1 a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
0 not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .
0 a high-minded snoozer .
1 bring on the sequel .
1 judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
0 a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
0 pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
1 an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
0 check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .
1 a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .
0 as saccharine as it is disposable .
1 the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
1 matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
0 as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
1 it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
0 the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .
0 contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
1 cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
0 ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .
1 instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
0 a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
0 a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
1 a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 british production .
1 hugh grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
0 mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
1 but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
0 such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
0 there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
0 to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
0 all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
1 intriguing and stylish .
1 a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .
0 mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
0 it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
1 when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
1 cold , nervy and memorable .
0 first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .
0 you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
0 helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
1 passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
1 eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
0 what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
0 there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
1 spiderman rocks
0 the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
0 astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
0 you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead .
0 unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
1 kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
1 still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .
1 waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
1 he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
0 hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
1 it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
1 this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .
0 a full-frontal attack on audience patience .
0 ... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
0 this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
1 the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
1 an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
1 a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
1 it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
1 adaptation is simply brilliant .
1 a thought-provoking picture .
1 but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
1 director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy .
0 presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
1 turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
0 director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
0 average , at best , i 'm afraid .
1 this is a superior horror flick .
1 the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
1 all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
1 it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins\/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
0 i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
0 although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
0 cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
1 a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
1 while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
0 anemic , pretentious .
1 with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
1 light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
1 one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
1 all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
0 a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
1 a moving , if uneven , success .
0 it 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .
1 -lrb- a -rrb- real pleasure in its laid-back way .
0 feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
0 has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
0 ... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
1 ... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .
0 the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
0 after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
1 a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
1 a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
1 this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -lrb- yet unsentimental -rrb- touch .
0 a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
0 unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
0 a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
1 the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
0 though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
1 it 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
1 in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
0 how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
1 this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
1 a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .
1 ` if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
1 who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
0 it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
0 lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
1 simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
1 at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
1 a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
0 this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
1 i simply ca n't recommend it enough .
0 it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
1 returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age .
0 with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies ?
0 just send it to cranky .
1 it 's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
1 one of the funnier movies in town .
1 a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
1 the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
0 it is n't scary .
0 a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
1 they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
0 chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
1 an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
0 instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
1 the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians .
1 tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
0 the movie is without intent .
1 the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
1 here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
0 if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia
0 all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
1 painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
0 take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
0 the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
0 a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .
1 a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
0 one long string of cliches .
0 if you 've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
0 k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .
0 it 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .
1 there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .
1 although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
0 it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .
1 it 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
0 however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
1 broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .
1 although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
1 a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .
0 a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .
0 all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that .
1 a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
0 there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .
1 a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
1 on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .
1 macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs ... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
1 the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
1 despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed .
0 at once half-baked and overheated .
0 this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
0 jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot .
1 people cinema at its finest .
1 ` de niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
0 if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday .
1 candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
1 more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
0 it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
1 it 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .
0 coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
0 with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .
1 lovely and poignant .
0 at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .
0 ... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .
0 paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma 's scarface .
0 american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize .
1 visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
0 directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .
0 the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter 's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .
0 detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .
0 despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .
0 so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
1 i just loved every minute of this film .
0 the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey 's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .
0 to say this was done better in wilder 's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
0 the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .
0 they should have called it gutterball .
0 it 's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .
0 that 's a cheat .
0 the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .
0 i do n't think i laughed out loud once .
0 may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
0 taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
0 i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
0 the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
0 it 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .
0 here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep .
1 for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular , it 's an eye-opener .
1 if steven soderbergh 's ` solaris ' is a failure it is a glorious failure .
1 there 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .
1 while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious .
0 while -lrb- hill -rrb- has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
0 this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .
0 the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
0 -lrb- a -rrb- shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .
1 dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation .
1 an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
0 this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .
0 from the opening scenes , it 's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
0 it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
0 the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .
1 it all adds up to good fun .
0 `` the time machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself .
1 something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .
0 ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .
0 the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their baby 's birth .
0 a coarse and stupid gross-out .
1 cool ?
1 the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
0 a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .
1 the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .
0 it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
1 the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .
0 when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
0 as ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
1 despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .
1 uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
0 the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .
1 an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .
0 like being trapped at a perpetual frat party ... how can something so gross be so boring ?
0 feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .
1 a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .
1 awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another ` spectacular spectacle . '
1 -lrb- a -rrb- n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s .
1 neither parker nor donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula .
1 seldahl 's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .
1 filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .
1 what 's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .
1 it 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant .
1 just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
1 the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .
1 exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .
0 this movie is maddening .
0 not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
1 not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .
0 another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .
1 that dogged good will of the parents and ` vain ' jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .
1 allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .
1 one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .
0 an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .
1 what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .
0 but it could have been worse .
0 a wildly inconsistent emotional experience .
0 it 's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .
1 we root for -lrb- clara and paul -rrb- , even like them , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity .
1 if you dig on david mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !
0 you wo n't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him .
0 delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .
0 for starters , the story is just too slim .
0 the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .
1 my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it 's virtually its own hollywood remake .
0 an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
0 \/ but daphne , you 're too buff \/ fred thinks he 's tough \/ and velma - wow , you 've lost weight !
0 feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
0 the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
1 a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .
0 an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .
0 a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...
1 not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
1 a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .
0 fancy a real downer ?
1 a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .
1 featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , `` sade '' covers the same period as kaufmann 's `` quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results .
0 given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .
0 has all the depth of a wading pool .
1 the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .
0 it 's just filler .
1 a deep and meaningful film .
0 sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you .
0 holden caulfield did it better .
0 the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .
0 samira makhmalbaf 's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it 's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
0 well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
0 there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .
0 suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .
0 -lrb- t -rrb- here 's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them .
0 if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of ` there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .
1 for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .
1 the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .
1 the film 's performances are thrilling .
1 a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz .
0 in all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
1 affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .
1 it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '
1 ... with `` the bourne identity '' we return to the more traditional action genre .
0 what the director ca n't do is make either of val kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about .
1 holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
1 -lrb- næs -rrb- directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .
1 my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
0 if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he does n't hold them in contempt .
0 whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
1 at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s .
0 moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
0 a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments -lrb- including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether -rrb- .
0 the end result is a film that 's neither .
0 scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .
1 an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
0 makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .
1 travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .
1 altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
1 ... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young gaghan 's resume .
1 the story and structure are well-honed .
1 has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .
0 do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .
0 do not see this film .
1 a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .
1 this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer 's star trek vi : the undiscovered country .
1 a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
0 due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
0 a by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .
1 enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
1 thanks to scott 's charismatic roger and eisenberg 's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men .
1 richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez .
1 immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .
1 a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .
1 an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .
1 griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
1 an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
1 and that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
1 the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... -lrb- quills -rrb- did by showing them .
1 the film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .
0 it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie .
1 a rarity among recent iranian films : it 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .
1 while there 's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
1 if your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely ca n't miss it .
0 the film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
0 the cold turkey would 've been a far better title .
0 it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28k modem .
1 two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .
0 hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole ' miss in the way of story .
1 mcconaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .
1 a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .
0 looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
1 inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .
0 its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
1 the best film about baseball to hit theaters since field of dreams .
1 the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .
1 the film may appear naked in its narrative form ... but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the catholic doctrine
0 there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them .
1 overall very good for what it 's trying to do .
1 it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away .
0 sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
0 it showcases carvey 's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff .
1 escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .
1 the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .
0 sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .
1 entertains by providing good , lively company .
0 just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
1 it 's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
0 it 's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake .
0 there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .
0 it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .
0 impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly .
1 preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .
0 there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
0 it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .
1 manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
1 a smart , witty follow-up .
0 it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .
0 for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
1 anchored by friel and williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .
0 without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelström is just another winter sleepers .
0 the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .
1 it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .
1 turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .
1 it 's also , clearly , great fun .
1 oscar wilde 's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century .
0 it 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .
0 forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
0 it 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .
1 the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
1 belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it 's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film .
0 if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .
1 for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
0 it 's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism .
0 it 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .
1 looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton 's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . '
1 thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .
0 i do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .
1 an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
1 not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .
0 or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .
1 scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .
1 may be far from the best of the series , but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
1 one of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it .
0 does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .
0 movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .
0 not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
1 for the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
1 seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
1 you 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .
0 comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class .
1 this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
1 ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
0 if there 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .
1 director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .
1 instead , he shows them the respect they are due .
0 ... plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .
1 a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
1 warm water under a red bridge is a quirky and poignant japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .
0 it 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
1 few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .
0 the lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .
0 yes , dull .
0 that 's pure pr hype .
1 it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .
1 a subtle and well-crafted -lrb- for the most part -rrb- chiller .
1 that is a compliment to kuras and miller .
1 one of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
1 for the most part , director anne-sophie birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .
1 it 's a beautiful madness .
0 stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros. -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career .
0 i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .
1 a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
0 the words , ` frankly , my dear , i do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
0 by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .
1 his healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...
1 a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
1 it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .
0 part low rent godfather .
0 or emptying rat traps .
1 the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner 's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .
1 on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .
1 harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
0 schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .
1 offers much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .
0 in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space .
0 adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized .
1 so unassuming and pure of heart , you ca n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` safe ! '
0 professionally speaking , it 's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
0 this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .
0 it 's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue .
0 one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
1 nothing 's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .
1 drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .
1 while undisputed is n't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr. hill higher than he 's been in a while .
1 a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original .
0 it does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .
0 it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
0 the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
1 a warm , funny , engaging film .
1 uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .
0 i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .
1 -lrb- serry -rrb- wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .
1 with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller 's film is one of 2002 's involvingly adult surprises .
1 the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .
0 there seems to be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there .
1 aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .
1 by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , -lrb- jones -rrb- calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .
1 a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .
0 because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .
1 exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
1 a superbly acted and funny\/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
1 the movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
1 in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .
0 green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .
1 the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... -lrb- and -rrb- personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .
1 a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .
1 writer\/director joe carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
0 too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging ... the isle defies an easy categorization .
1 based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
1 the format gets used best ... to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .
1 even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .
1 this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes .
0 you wonder why enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .
1 funny but perilously slight .
0 chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .
0 in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .
1 this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .
1 fresnadillo 's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wo n't go away .
1 ` easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '
0 pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .
0 it 's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction .
0 but it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
0 no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .
0 outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
0 rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
1 so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today 's new delhi .
0 a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not .
1 ... routine , harmless diversion and little else .
0 not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
1 blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
1 this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .
0 it ca n't decide if it wants to be a mystery\/thriller , a romance or a comedy .
1 while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they 're presented with a wry dark humor .
0 the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
1 a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .
1 the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .
0 this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
0 it can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull .
0 sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .
1 a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
0 nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
1 it 's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance .
1 it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
1 a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
0 nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
1 not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa 's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .
1 though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
0 the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
1 reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
1 about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it 's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .
0 too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
0 unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
1 the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
0 in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan .
1 cq 's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .
1 jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma .
1 it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .
0 not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
1 this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .
1 the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .
1 kinnear does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
0 is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?
0 wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .
0 this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .
0 you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
1 a quiet , pure , elliptical film
1 harrison 's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .
1 it 's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .
1 no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones ' last 45 minutes .
0 despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
0 it 's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
1 building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .
0 overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .
1 this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
1 the band 's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies -lrb- this one included -rrb- .
0 this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs .
1 thanks to haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
0 more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .
1 the film is powerful , accessible and funny .
1 a good piece of work more often than not .
1 there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .
0 in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i 'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
0 care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters .
0 the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
1 the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .
0 i can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers .
0 ... the film suffers from a lack of humor -lrb- something needed to balance out the violence -rrb- ...
1 a working class `` us vs. them '' opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .
1 so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .
0 with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry 's boss , there is n't a redeeming moment here .
1 majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .
1 the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .
1 martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .
0 all that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
1 it confirms fincher 's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight .
1 dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
1 good film , but very glum .
1 nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .
0 when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .
0 the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .
1 a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
1 -lrb- d -rrb- oes n't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .
1 -lrb- grant 's -rrb- bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .
1 a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .
0 a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
0 this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .
1 a marvel like none you 've seen .
0 the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects .
1 leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
1 manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
1 the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
0 determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor did n't quite engage this adult .
0 the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
1 whether you like rap music or loathe it , you ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .
1 all-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .
1 feature debuter d.j. caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton 's narcotics noir to life .
0 serving sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .
0 my reaction in a word : disappointment .
0 the film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .
1 very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
0 the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .
1 with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .
0 even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .
0 this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .
1 add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .
1 as unseemly as its title suggests .
1 the movie is n't just hilarious : it 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .
1 among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .
1 the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .
1 the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants .
1 the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .
1 and if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you 've got ice water in your veins .
1 a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures .
1 the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
1 -lrb- lawrence bounces -rrb- all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
1 what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .
1 crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
0 with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .
0 in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song .
0 ... designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , `` crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
1 worth watching for dong jie 's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .
1 if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther 's story is a compelling quest for truth .
1 unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners .
0 stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
1 `` mostly martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
0 no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .
1 writer-director 's mehta 's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .
1 ... takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
1 one of the smartest takes on singles culture i 've seen in a long time .
0 it 's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .
0 this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
0 to call the other side of heaven `` appalling '' would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .
1 it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .
0 a great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .
1 lapaglia 's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .
1 my thoughts were focused on the characters .
0 it 's slow -- very , very slow .
1 though it 's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .
0 should have been someone else -
1 it 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker 's movie adaptation .
0 it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
0 indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
0 even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro ca n't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .
1 it 's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .
0 teen movies have really hit the skids .
1 stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .
0 even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller 's hand often feels unsure .
0 every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
1 it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .
1 a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
1 one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece .
1 no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .
1 even if you do n't think -lrb- kissinger 's -rrb- any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he 'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
1 ... a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know .
0 irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .
1 instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
0 the film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency .
0 though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
1 woody allen 's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .
0 there 's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .
1 as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul .
1 a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .
0 too slow , too long and too little happens .
0 plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread .
0 attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .
1 it 's a demented kitsch mess -lrb- although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative -rrb- , but it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .
1 bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .
1 it is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .
1 the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
1 a taut psychological thriller that does n't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .
0 ... is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .
1 michael gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
1 light years \/ several warp speeds \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection .
0 what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
1 at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .
0 at the very least , if you do n't know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater , you wo n't know much more when you leave .
0 partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show .
1 bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first .
1 jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
1 ... mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
0 i got a headache watching this meaningless downer .
1 montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
0 slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?
0 his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level .
0 big fat waste of time .
0 it 's not that kung pow is n't funny some of the time -- it just is n't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk 's impish augmentation .
1 a delightful coming-of-age story .
1 binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
0 the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
1 ... a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .
0 prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this english trifle .
1 the old-world - meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .
1 as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
0 director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .
1 the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .
1 puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
0 unflinchingly bleak and desperate
0 the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
1 it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland .
0 works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .
0 verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .
0 uncommonly stylish but equally silly ... the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .
0 as vulgar as it is banal .
0 i 'm just too bored to care .
0 i had to look away - this was god awful .
0 a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .
1 what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we 've shared a great adventure .
0 of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
1 for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal .
0 scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .
0 though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that 's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .
1 it 's a charming and often affecting journey .
0 nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
1 this is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .
1 atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
0 as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .
1 it 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .
0 no way i can believe this load of junk .
1 we know the plot 's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .
1 will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
1 another one of those estrogen overdose movies like `` divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , '' except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .
1 byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
0 the humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .
0 instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
1 a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
0 offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .
1 it haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .
0 sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .
0 as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms. redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
0 almost gags on its own gore .
1 the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .
0 ... the movie is just a plain old monster .
0 sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos .
1 displaying about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .
1 it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
1 a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
0 i 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
0 every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable .
0 the movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .
0 a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right .
1 minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
0 the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
1 like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .
0 confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .
0 -lrb- e -rrb- ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .
0 this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
1 first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .
0 while it 's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records -lrb- sugar hill gang , etc. -rrb- , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .
1 the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .
0 combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest system of a down video .
0 there 's no emotional pulse to solaris .
0 the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie ... is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .
1 does paint some memorable images ... , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
1 rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
1 generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .
0 dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
1 the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
0 very bad .
1 having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
1 a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .
1 mr. tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ?
0 for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
0 a by-the-numbers patient\/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
0 a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m. barrie 's peter pan .
0 why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?
0 burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
0 oh come on .
0 even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .
0 its well of thorn and vinegar -lrb- and simple humanity -rrb- has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .
0 the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
0 at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
0 and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .
0 ... plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .
0 a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .
1 slick piece of cross-promotion .
1 sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
1 deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
1 a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .
1 for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .
1 birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
1 a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .
1 while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer 's appetite , the film 's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .
0 ... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .
0 excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .
1 if you 're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .
0 davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .
1 it 's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .
1 dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness -lrb- which always relates to characters and story -rrb- and johnny dankworth 's best soundtrack in years .
1 highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .
0 once -lrb- kim -rrb- begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .
1 -lrb- t -rrb- his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .
0 too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
1 it 's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything .
1 bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid .
0 it 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
0 it 's a grab bag of genres that do n't add up to a whole lot of sense .
1 fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .
0 just one bad idea after another .
1 it 's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .
0 the script kicks in , and mr. hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow .
0 does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .
0 a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line .
0 like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter .
0 it 's a buggy drag .
1 yakusho and shimizu ... create engaging characterizations in imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .
0 it 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
1 there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .
0 a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
0 very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality ca n't hide the giant achilles ' heel in `` stuart little 2 `` : there 's just no story , folks .
0 manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
1 it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .
1 the very definition of the ` small ' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .
1 one from the heart .
0 and when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .
0 this is so bad .
0 so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises
1 ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !
1 against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
0 the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .
1 it 's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them .
1 the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .
1 whether writer-director anne fontaine 's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .
0 the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .
1 the draw -lrb- for `` big bad love '' -rrb- is a solid performance by arliss howard .
0 one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .
0 basically a static series of semi-improvised -lrb- and semi-coherent -rrb- raps between the stars .
0 for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
0 a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .
0 there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .
1 it 's fun lite .
1 a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .
0 the overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts .
0 trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
1 so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .
1 chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahmer .
0 visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it .
1 a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .
0 once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
1 but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned can not be said to suck .
0 at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
1 the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the l.a. beach scene and the imaginative -lrb- and sometimes illegal -rrb- ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
0 corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .
1 this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .
1 trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .
0 villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi 's generic angst -lrb- there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows -rrb- .
0 what is 100 % missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .
1 as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
1 like leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .
1 if you can stomach the rough content , it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .
1 there 's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
0 and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
1 there 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
1 director andrew niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .
0 try as i may , i ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` thank you ! '
0 shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .
0 utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni 's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .
1 further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya 's axis of evil .
0 but what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
1 miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .
1 the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh 's three lead actresses .
1 what better message than ` love thyself ' could young women of any size receive ?
1 if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .
0 it 's like every bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication -lrb- and who knew they even had any ? -rrb- .
1 the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in hollywood 's hastier productions .
0 there 's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .
0 although huppert 's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun .
0 nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .
1 a tender , heartfelt family drama .
0 ... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
0 it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
0 but the power of these -lrb- subjects -rrb- is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative .
0 suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .
1 reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .
1 the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales .
0 this is n't even madonna 's swept away .
1 a coda in every sense , the pinochet case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the british court 's extradition chess game and the regime 's talking-head survivors .
1 brilliantly explores the conflict between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition .
0 like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
0 involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .
0 i 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .
0 -lrb- director -rrb- o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short .
0 the problem with this film is that it lacks focus .
0 on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
1 ... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
0 perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .
0 for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .
1 it 's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .
1 old-form moviemaking at its best .
0 a sometimes tedious film .
1 a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .
1 moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
0 a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .
0 late marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u.s. viewers off their feet .
1 a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair .
1 but it still jingles in the pocket .
1 it 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this `` two weddings and a funeral '' fun .
0 it all drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
1 it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
0 an unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .
0 comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .
1 you do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
0 the film makes a fatal mistake : it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .
1 it will grip even viewers who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way .
1 challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .
0 expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
0 tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
0 while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .
1 beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
1 a solid film ... but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .
0 stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
1 good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
1 a movie with a real anarchic flair .
0 it 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
0 characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs .
1 a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard 's finest work .
1 far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .
0 pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r. abrams , in their feature debut .
0 it 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
1 zhang ... has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
1 without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
0 it 's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
1 gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .
1 -lrb- chaiken 's -rrb- talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters .
1 a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .
1 it 's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .
0 dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .
0 the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .
0 less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
0 a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .
0 -lrb- w -rrb- hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall 's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .
1 intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject .
1 the son 's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .
0 a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .
0 it 's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .
0 ... a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .
0 this time mr. burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .
0 manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
1 a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .
1 the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan 's madness .
0 a sequel that 's much too big for its britches .
1 this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento -lrb- a producer here -rrb- , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .
0 nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .
1 it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .
0 it treats women like idiots .
1 there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
0 the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died .
1 an interesting story with a pertinent -lrb- cinematically unique -rrb- message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing . ''
1 not far beneath the surface , this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .
0 an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .
0 the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .
1 hilariously inept and ridiculous .
1 vera 's three actors -- mollà , gil and bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances .
0 for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .
1 good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences .
1 the performances take the movie to a higher level .
0 some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .
0 chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .
0 if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , do n't settle for this imposter .
0 deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
1 collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .
1 still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .
0 his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .
0 portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .
1 the minor figures surrounding -lrb- bobby -rrb- ... form a gritty urban mosaic .
0 no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise .
0 complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
0 it 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a sunburn .
1 the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .
0 there 's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino 's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television .
0 zaidan 's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
1 not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j.k. rowling 's books .
1 the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .
0 too much of the humor falls flat .
1 falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun .
1 jaglom ... put -lrb- s -rrb- the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
0 every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .
0 velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .
1 hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
1 one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others .
0 it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .
0 the so-inept - it 's - surreal dubbing -lrb- featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer -rrb- brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks .
0 it 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .
0 mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
1 pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .
1 a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
1 there 's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a.i. with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .
0 bad .
1 an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .
1 the subtle strength of `` elling '' is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
0 not exactly the bees knees
1 audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie .
0 just not campy enough
1 a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .
1 a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
1 a cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .
1 you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .
1 an operatic , sprawling picture that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .
0 i 've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal .
1 morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern 's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .
0 rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
1 we have n't seen such hilarity since say it is n't so !
1 true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .
0 how do you spell cliché ?
0 the script is n't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman -lrb- the actor -rrb- can make it work .
1 a giggle a minute .
0 made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
0 the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
1 maud and roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy .
0 but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
0 vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .
0 the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .
1 corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .
1 huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
0 in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy .
0 nelson 's brutally unsentimental approach ... sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .
0 a sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .
1 it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i ca n't wait for the sequel .
1 liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image .
0 passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .
1 it 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
0 it 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .
1 a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
0 the tale of tok -lrb- andy lau -rrb- , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o -lrb- takashi sorimachi -rrb- , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .
0 something like scrubbing the toilet .
1 smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .
0 this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
1 charles ' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time .
1 an effectively creepy , fear-inducing -lrb- not fear-reducing -rrb- film from japanese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .
0 no movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
0 a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore 's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée .
0 gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
0 we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
1 this is one of polanski 's best films .
1 take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema .
0 acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes `` never again '' worthwhile , but -lrb- writer\/director -rrb- schaeffer should follow his titular advice
1 the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
0 arnold 's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
0 if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap -lrb- literally -rrb- .
1 jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
0 even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .
0 oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
1 though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
0 when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign .
1 the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
1 if your senses have n't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .
0 any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
0 as conceived by mr. schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
0 those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida .
1 most new movies have a bright sheen .
0 but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
1 steve irwin 's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
1 nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
0 the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .
0 culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .
0 the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
1 not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
0 the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written ... in the thrall of a vicious hangover .
1 it 's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn .
1 finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
0 the low-budget full frontal was one of the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother .
1 exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven ... -lrb- the film -rrb- addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .
1 an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
1 as a singular character study , it 's perfect .
1 haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
1 an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
1 all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .
1 a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ... the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .
0 i do n't have an i am sam clue .
1 zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
1 the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
0 the thrill is -lrb- long -rrb- gone .
1 much monkeyfun for all .
0 a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours ... a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle .
1 much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
1 for the first time in several years , mr. allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the hollywood empress of ms. leoni 's ellie .
1 one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
0 as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
1 what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .
0 with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv 's defunct cleopatra 2525 .
1 this is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary !
1 it represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
0 ... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
0 it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just does n't make the cut .
1 the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
0 how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?
1 for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .
0 as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
0 sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
1 a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
0 the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television - caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
0 instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film 's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre .
1 the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
1 it is ridiculous , of course ... but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
1 everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .
1 tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
0 a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .
0 the cartoon that is n't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that is n't really good enough to be in theaters .
1 a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we 're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .
1 a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .
0 not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' i once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad .
0 a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
1 it does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .
1 -lrb- schweiger is -rrb- talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
0 a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
1 serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 .
0 for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .
1 this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .
0 now it 's just tired .
0 not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen .
0 it 's difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing -- i 'm prepared to call it a draw .
0 about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
0 the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .
1 as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .
1 writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
0 truth to tell , if you 've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there 's nothing here you have n't seen before .
0 george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .
0 all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .
0 it 's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time .
1 the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience .
1 goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
1 reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .
0 abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .
1 if it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .
1 scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .
0 director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
0 without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .
0 a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience .
0 de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork .
1 an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
1 greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
0 there 's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .
1 at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
1 sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
0 enough similarities to gymkata and howie long 's firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs .
1 despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
1 here 's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .
1 a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
0 if i spy were funny -lrb- enough -rrb- or exciting -lrb- enough -rrb- then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it 's trying to reap from the moviegoing public .
0 a great ending does n't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell does n't even have a great ending .
0 demands too much of most viewers .
1 rare is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
0 its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .
1 a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
0 arguably the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie .
0 the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .
1 while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , `` in the bedroom , '' moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations
0 imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno .
1 a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
1 the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
1 u.s. audiences may find -lrb- attal and gainsbourg 's -rrb- unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts .
1 escapism in its purest form .
1 the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
1 works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
0 sucking all the ` classic ' out of robert louis stevenson 's treasure island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst ...
0 audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit .
1 despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
0 nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them .
1 it 's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous full frontal .
0 even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
0 the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .
0 the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear .
0 the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
1 it 's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
0 it 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
1 it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .
0 barely goes beyond comic book status .
1 even if you ca n't pronounce `` gyro '' correctly , you 'll appreciate much of vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
0 borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
1 once again , director jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action\/effects on the spectacular scale .
0 as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys ' novel `` the death of napoleon '' and directed by alan taylor , napoleon 's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
1 not everything works , but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies .
0 it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
1 a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .
0 a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans .
1 sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .
0 lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel .
1 an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .
0 it 's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny , and it 's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .
0 the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
0 ridiculous .
0 no. .
1 if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions .
0 a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .
0 a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .
1 and in this regard , on guard delivers .
1 something the true film buff will enjoy .
0 the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .
1 a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
0 the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants ' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .
1 it 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .
1 the result is something quite fresh and delightful .
1 if you love motown music , you 'll love this documentary .
1 it 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
1 you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting .
1 -lrb- wendigo is -rrb- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
1 lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
1 a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
0 for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .
0 spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .
1 frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films i 've ever seen .
0 i hate this movie
0 not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies .
1 the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
1 like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
1 city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes .
1 it 's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary ...
1 this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .
0 this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .
0 too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .
1 so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
1 resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
0 ` enigma ' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
1 rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
1 this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
0 reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .
1 a masterpiece four years in the making .
0 `` an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . ''
1 in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .
0 do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work ?
0 this self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard , but he 's the most obvious one .
1 the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
1 a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
0 the movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .
1 digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
1 impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
0 the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive .
1 her delivery and timing are flawless .
0 if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title .
1 almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .
0 when it 's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
0 like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q. is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
0 boring we did n't .
1 a spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .
0 undercover brother does n't go far enough .
0 moot point .
0 let 's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home .
1 as green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .
1 elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .
1 the movie is full of fine performances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife .
1 münch 's genuine insight makes the film 's occasional overindulgence forgivable .
0 the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there 's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment .
1 all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
0 the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .
0 beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines ... there just is n't much to laugh at .
0 this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through .
1 for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride .
0 neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .
0 a compendium of solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
0 all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
1 biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
0 anyone who can count to five -lrb- the film 's target market ? -rrb-
0 warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard .
1 an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .
1 emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .
1 sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
1 shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .
0 thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking .
0 it is a comedy that 's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling -lrb- and an uneasy alliance , at that -rrb- .
0 unfortunately , as a writer , mr. montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
0 a long-winded , predictable scenario .
1 invincible is a wonderful movie .
1 earns its laughs from stock redneck ` types ' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .
1 a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
1 a moody horror\/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
0 a dreadful live-action movie .
1 s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
1 for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .
1 though the controversial korean filmmaker 's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
1 well worth the time .
0 they felt like the same movie to me .
1 witty , touching and well paced .
0 i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr. holland 's class for the music , or to robin williams 's lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve .
1 this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998 's whatever .
0 absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
1 good movie .
1 i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
0 it 's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school .
1 but what spectacular sizzle it is !
1 stephen earnhart 's homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
1 it 's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic .
1 a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
0 taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
0 when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
1 one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
0 the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
1 an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .
1 time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
1 a very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
0 ... the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .
1 these are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
0 static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold !
0 this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself .
1 the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .
1 a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
0 ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` what 's the point ? '
1 the best movie of its kind since ` brazil . '
1 davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
1 it might be tempting to regard mr. andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr. earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
0 sadly , hewitt 's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .
0 so what is the point ?
0 the issue of faith is not explored very deeply
1 my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
1 director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building .
0 i kept thinking over and over again , ' i should be enjoying this . '
0 do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...
0 i saw knockaround guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanish-american war ... it 's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .
1 the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension .
1 an eccentric little comic\/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality .
1 my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts .
0 egoyan 's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious .
1 will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
0 a chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
0 the overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there 's still a real sense that the star trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction .
1 this is one for the ages .
1 the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .
1 a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
1 the talents of the actors helps `` moonlight mile '' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .
0 as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson 's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .
0 all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .
1 day is not a great bond movie , but it is a good bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical bond knock-offs .
0 the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes .
0 quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?
0 by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
0 the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
1 this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
1 most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
1 makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran 's borderlands .
0 despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei 's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
1 well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
1 this is n't a narrative film -- i do n't know if it 's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i 'm sure some will try -- but it 's as close as anyone has dared to come .
1 christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr. feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic .
1 a clever blend of fact and fiction .
0 there 's plenty of style in guillermo del toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes .
0 the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi .
1 the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
0 it 's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish .
0 based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer 's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .
1 pray 's film works well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism .
0 it 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it 's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .
1 to the film 's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .
0 why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from shirley jackson , richard matheson ... and puke up something like rose red ?
1 an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
1 though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .
0 well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
0 outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time .
1 there 's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .
1 a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
1 this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .
1 newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg .
1 vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
0 formula 51 is so trite that even yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .
1 when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .
0 flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
0 too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , david arquette .
0 overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek 's novel by some way .
1 an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
0 the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but was n't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .
1 occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodóvar style .
0 high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
1 pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
0 a mixed bag of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out of this world .
1 a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
1 -lrb- an -rrb- hilarious romantic comedy .
1 both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
0 the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .
1 the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music .
1 what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender .
1 a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
0 it risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .
1 occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .
0 a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .
0 it 's really yet another anemic and formulaic lethal weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .
1 an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .
0 rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
1 the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
0 it 's hard not to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .
1 it 's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood .
0 where last time jokes flowed out of cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .
1 -lrb- but it 's -rrb- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser .
1 there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .
0 philip k. dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
0 its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
0 fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
0 theology aside , why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story ?
1 the movie 's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .
0 it might as well have been problem child iv .
0 feels like one of those contrived , only-in - hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk .
1 good ol' urban legend stuff .
1 the film 's greatest asset is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
0 home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do .
1 if it 's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that .
1 one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .
0 sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .
1 painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
0 do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .
1 he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works .
0 for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .
0 like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
0 it took 19 predecessors to get this ?
0 ... perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .
1 while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
1 an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
0 begins as a promising meditation on one of america 's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt .
1 a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
1 -lrb- howard -rrb- so good as leon barlow ... that he hardly seems to be acting .
1 the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
0 but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .
1 the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
0 though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there 's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .
1 the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .
0 reggio 's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad .
1 -lrb- fessenden -rrb- is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
1 if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
1 jacquot 's tosca is a treat .
0 you 're better off staying home and watching the x-files .
1 the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
0 the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .
1 divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
0 the subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one .
1 the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts .
1 but it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .
0 the ending is a cop-out .
0 the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket -lrb- second prize , of course , two free tickets -rrb- to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .
0 no , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
0 but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
0 bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
0 say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .
0 all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
0 proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .
1 workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .
0 this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone 's career .
1 like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia , it 's significant without being overstated .
0 accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue is n't smart , then you need to use more poetic license .
1 elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
0 ... too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .
0 a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk 'n' slash .
1 a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .
1 hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
0 the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
0 just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story .
1 not a bad journey at all .
1 has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
0 the film 's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
0 collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .
0 even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for disney .
1 bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
0 the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .
1 hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
1 it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
0 a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .
1 a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
0 despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .
0 the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh does n't always improve the over-the-top mix .
1 this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
0 herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola 's inadequate performance .
0 the performances are so leaden , michael rymer 's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .
1 a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
0 the movie bounces all over the map .
0 a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
1 it 's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
1 it 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .
1 the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
1 de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli .
1 funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , `` a city where people still read . ''
0 too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .
0 the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low .
1 fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
0 a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan .
0 though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis ' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following .
0 this idea has lost its originality ... and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .
0 little more than a frothy vanity project .
0 a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : george w. bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
1 an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st. petersburg 's hermitage museum .
1 the new guy does have a heart .
0 screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice 's complex akasha into a cartoon monster .
1 nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...
1 few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .
0 i did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood .
0 the streets , shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them .
0 if you 're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .
0 the movie makes absolutely no sense .
1 it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya .
1 edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery .
1 this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
0 almost everything else is wan .
1 as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` lovely !
1 it never fails to engage us .
1 only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee 's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
0 shadyac shoots his film like an m. night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension .
1 waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
1 i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
0 the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .
0 no more .
0 -lrb- newton -rrb- wanders through charlie completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality .
0 i did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
1 a tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man 's tortured soul .
1 an original gem about an obsession with time .
0 she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
0 none of this violates the letter of behan 's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .
1 a journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .
1 this is art paying homage to art .
1 happily for mr. chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
1 makes s&m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .
0 like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
1 it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion .
0 in the second half of the film , frei 's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis .
1 the year 's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
1 an intelligent , moving and invigorating film .
1 daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
1 ... as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
1 never -lrb- sinks -rrb- into exploitation .
0 leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness .
0 the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big ... and the setting remains indistinct .
1 a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
1 it 's hard not to be seduced by -lrb- witherspoon 's -rrb- charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .
0 glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .
1 with the film 's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
0 you 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
1 foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .
1 it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
0 fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
1 tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
1 this is carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
1 an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
0 stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara does n't distinguish itself from the herd .
0 hey , who else needs a shower ?
0 but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
0 the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
1 moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995 's safe .
0 not even the hanson brothers can save it
1 a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .
1 too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it 's not a total loss .
1 his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
1 now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
1 an imaginative comedy\/thriller .
0 technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
0 the only thing in pauline and paulette that you have n't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .
1 offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .
1 there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit .
0 for anyone who grew up on disney 's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .
1 ... an inviting piece of film .
0 ... a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .
0 flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern 's thick , working-class scottish accent .
0 maudlin and melodramatic we expected .
0 shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
1 the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing .
0 uncertain in tone ... a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things .
0 a waste of good performances .
0 one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .
0 a bit of an unwieldy mess .
0 the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion\/harmonica\/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
0 julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .
1 a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .
0 liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .
1 a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
0 propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
0 never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man .
0 here 's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah .
0 every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .
1 one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .
1 the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .
1 i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
0 i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women .
0 without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie .
1 gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
1 superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .
0 there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them .
1 an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
0 if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .
1 a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
0 a sophomoric exploration of ` life problems ' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about .
1 flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .
1 director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
0 lanie 's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and does n't know how to have fun .
1 it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes .
0 kwan makes the mix-and - match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .
0 you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
1 the tenderness of the piece is still intact .
0 these people would n't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .
0 a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller .
0 the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
1 while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it 's also full of sharp , smart satire .
1 visits spy-movie territory like a novel you ca n't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
1 it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks .
1 this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
0 half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial .
0 though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
1 a tough go , but leigh 's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film 's often-mined and despairing milieu .
0 at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin .
1 a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
1 while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
1 denis and co-writer michele petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .
0 expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies .
1 lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
1 the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .
0 he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
1 an intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you 're getting its metaphysical point .
1 majidi 's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
1 westfeldt and juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endearing .
1 quite funny for the type of movie it is ...
1 run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
0 matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .
0 a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .
0 i 'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you 're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s .
0 dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter .
1 when it 's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable .
1 a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .
0 usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it .
1 mr. wedge and mr. saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well .
1 longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
1 a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .
1 the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
1 do n't plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
1 a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia 's film history .
0 too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .
0 plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .
0 all that -lrb- powerpuff girls -rrb- charm is present in the movie , but it 's spread too thin .
1 jirí hubac 's script is a gem .
0 as -lrb- the characters -rrb- get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .
1 even when foreign directors ... borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
0 feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
1 this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
1 often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but seldahl and wollter 's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
0 a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original .
1 cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent 's days
0 friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it 's called where 's chris tucker when you need him ?
0 extremely confusing .
0 well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .
1 but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .
0 son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
0 it 's laughing at us .
0 like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
0 this film 's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .
0 helmer devito ... attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids ' tv and revenge .
0 the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .
1 4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .
0 still , i 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
0 has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ?
0 after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin .
0 unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
1 by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .
0 a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie -lrb- woody allen -rrb- has made in the last twenty years .
1 the production values are up there .
0 rates an ` e ' for effort -- and a ` b ' for boring .
1 the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
0 being author wells ' great-grandson , you 'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material .
0 a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .
1 it 's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured .
1 smith 's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
0 a shambles of a movie -- visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly ... its hilarity is completely unintentional .
1 its direction , its script , and weaver 's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .
1 it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .
0 `` collateral damage '' goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment -- until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
0 still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
1 a blessed gift to film geeks and historians .
1 what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
1 it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit .
1 there 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .
1 whether you 're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you 'll still feel something .
1 a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
1 an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .
0 moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .
1 this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
0 what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .
0 the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .
1 roger michell , who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england , gets too artsy in his american debut .
0 maybe it 's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this .
1 ... there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
1 i loved it !
1 brilliant ! '
0 some studio pizazz might have helped .
0 it will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary .
0 all the well-meaningness in the world ca n't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi .
0 a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .
0 a hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future rice adaptations .
0 as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
1 cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing .
0 you can practically smell the patchouli oil .
1 cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
1 what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .
0 mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .
1 maguire is a surprisingly effective peter\/spider-man .
1 windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
1 for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
0 so clichéd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart .
1 a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
1 cho 's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
1 about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream .
0 ... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
1 ... in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
0 it 's just incredibly dull .
1 genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .
1 nicolas philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern france in his documentary to be and to have , easily one of the best films of the year .
1 it 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
1 a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python 's meaning of life .
1 a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
0 what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .
0 a little too pat for its own good .
0 the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay .
0 even legends like alfred hitchcock and john huston occasionally directed trifles ... so it 's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like zhang yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential .
1 if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
0 a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
0 for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
0 had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .
1 a teasing drama whose relentless good-deed\/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .
0 there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false .
0 bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .
0 mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
0 ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and it 's all over his chelsea walls .
0 the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .
1 an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
0 extremely dumb .
0 flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .
0 cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
0 leave these flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .
0 when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility .
1 may be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
0 the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
0 imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and you 've imagined the ring .
0 this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .
0 it 's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana 's future .
1 think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
1 hilarious , acidic brit comedy .
1 an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
0 myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we 're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another .
1 but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
1 a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
1 whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .
0 how did it ever get made ?
1 it is also , at times , curiously moving .
1 it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
1 a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .
1 the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
1 worth the effort to watch .
1 everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan 's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funny and true .
1 grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .
0 just a bloody mess .
0 suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
1 the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm
1 i do n't think i 've been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto 's iron man .
1 the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question .
1 anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .
1 kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed .
0 as an actor , the rock is aptly named .
1 thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
0 scene-by-scene , things happen , but you 'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .
0 at nearly three hours , the whole of safe conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
0 dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it does n't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .
0 places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .
0 trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
1 there 's not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .
0 good for a few unintentional laughs , `` extreme ops '' was obviously made for the `` xxx '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
1 tim story 's not there yet - but ` barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
1 a sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
1 those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they do n't really want to know .
1 the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .
0 what happened with pluto nash ?
0 notorious c.h.o. has oodles of vulgar highlights .
0 before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon .
0 it 's just a silly black genre spoof .
0 as written by michael berg and michael j. wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
1 in fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
0 splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings .
1 offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
1 romanek keeps the film constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .
1 despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there 's no scene that screams `` bathroom break ! ''
1 greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .
1 moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .
0 there 's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .
1 as a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , standing in the shadows of motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .
1 engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .
1 eventually , it wins you over .
1 you 'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
0 if we do n't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .
1 the acting alone is worth the price of admission .
1 i admired this work a lot .
0 might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr. eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .
0 it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .
1 highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .
1 bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
1 the 3d images only enhance the film 's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .
1 this version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .
0 it 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
0 if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .
1 but some unexpected zigs and zags help .
1 we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .
1 it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .
1 an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
1 de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story 's inability to create interest .
0 the master of disaster - it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
1 as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .
1 a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
1 interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals ` red dragon ' right from under their noses .
0 what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
0 if you think that jennifer lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry ben affleck , wait till you see maid in manhattan .
1 a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master 's steady stroke .
1 there is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
1 the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
0 it virtually defines a comedy that 's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .
1 the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
1 fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox 's work .
1 novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .
1 what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
1 i enjoyed the ride -lrb- bumps and all -rrb- , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .
0 what you get with empire is a movie you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead .
0 a very average science fiction film .
0 it 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
0 the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
0 verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .
0 no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either .
0 the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin .
0 though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
0 we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
1 complex , affecting and uniquely almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
1 a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america 's culture of fear .
0 while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat 's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .
1 theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
0 cho 's fans are sure to be entertained ; it 's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i 'm not one of them .
1 while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy .
0 while benigni -lrb- who stars and co-wrote -rrb- seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that .
1 smith 's point is simple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .
0 divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .
0 extremely boring .
1 an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad .
0 i doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time christmas really rolls around , but maybe it 'll be on video by then .
1 eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler 's many talents .
0 too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
1 if there 's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , i think it 's in projects like the -lrb- unfortunately r-rated -rrb- paid .
0 you 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
1 an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .
1 it 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
0 there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .
1 more honest about alzheimer 's disease , i think , than iris .
0 what 's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class .
0 offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .
1 some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
0 it would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .
1 you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
0 a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .
1 effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
0 life is a crock -- or something like it .
1 a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .
1 from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent 's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir .
1 is n't quite the equal of woo 's best earlier work , but it 's easily his finest american film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films .
0 the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .
0 automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
0 one minute , you think you 're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it 's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and\/or sailor moon have been spliced in .
1 director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini 's famous love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .
0 a boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .
0 never quite transcends jokester status ... and the punchline does n't live up to barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery .
0 choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy .
1 makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .
0 an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living .
1 the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .
0 unfortunately , they 're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo 's life imaginable .
0 this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
1 it 's like a poem .
0 a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .
0 earnest but earthbound ... a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .
0 it 's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .
0 a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .
0 a sour , nasty offering .
0 everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .
0 this time kaufman 's imagination has failed him .
1 ... breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '
0 suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let 's just say the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal .
1 the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
0 this is junk food cinema at its greasiest .
1 clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .
0 -lrb- director -rrb- byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one .
1 if you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
1 a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
0 shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
1 choose your reaction : a. -rrb- that sure is funny !
0 it 's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u.s. art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in french -lrb- well , mostly -rrb- with english subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that .
1 droll caper-comedy remake of `` big deal on madonna street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` bellini '' begins to look like a `` real kaputschnik . ''
1 call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
1 japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
1 and if the hours wins ` best picture ' i just might .
0 another rent installment for the ian fleming estate .
0 instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart 's war , like the st. louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .
1 murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
0 some of seagal 's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot .
1 one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
0 for caine lovers only .
0 a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .
0 opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist 's death bed and does n't get much livelier in the three hours in between .
0 ... surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .
1 thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .
1 farrell ... thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis 's world-weary colonel .
1 that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered .
1 those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations ... are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel .
0 but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
1 a fascinating and fun film .
1 the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick .
1 a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
0 the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .
0 wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
0 remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ?
0 -lrb- i -rrb- f you 've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you 've already seen this kind of thing .
1 excellent acting and direction .
1 a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american 's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
1 a very funny movie .
1 ranks among willams ' best screen work .
1 you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
1 this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there .
0 these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining .
1 it 's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .
0 there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they 're not exactly flattering .
0 the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
0 considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .
1 an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
1 what kids will discover is a new collectible .
0 could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ?
0 even die-hard fans of japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .
1 it 's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .
1 ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
1 that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
0 could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ?
0 while mcfarlane 's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films ... it 's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story .
0 when -lrb- de palma 's -rrb- bad , he 's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done .
1 behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies -lrb- plus one sheep dog -rrb- , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
1 a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
1 hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette 's dialogue .
1 a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
1 dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee .
1 look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
1 presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
0 mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
1 this is how you use special effects .
0 like its two predecessors , 1983 's koyaanisqatsi and 1988 's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
1 what 's most striking about this largely celebratory film ... is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world .
1 he 's super spy !
0 though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr. schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear .
1 i do n't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh 's full frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it .
0 has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
0 the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
1 skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
0 ecks this one off your must-see list .
1 gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
0 the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
0 ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .
1 the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
1 so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
1 smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .
1 the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .
1 merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone .
1 but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
0 not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it 's almost funny .
0 murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
1 even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .
0 the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone .
0 there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .
0 it 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks .
0 gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ?
0 birot 's directorial debut -lrb- she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré -rrb- is n't so much bad as it is bland .
1 as bundy , michael reilly burke -lrb- octopus 2 : river of fear -rrb- has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
0 it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .
0 scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it 's a lot less sensational than it wants to be .
0 b. -rrb- that sure is pathetic !
0 this pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film 's producers would be in the clink for life .
1 the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
1 it 's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it does n't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .
0 -lrb- u -rrb- nrelentingly stupid .
0 the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc. .
1 compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
1 renner 's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
0 big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .
0 afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , all the queen 's men is finally just one long drag .
0 a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
0 it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .
0 a recipe for cinematic disaster ... part quentin tarantino , part guy ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it 's all bad .
1 hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .
0 the furious coherence that -lrb- deniro -rrb- brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing .
0 you might not buy the ideas .
0 looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
1 as shaky as the plot is , kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
1 not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
1 this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
0 too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak 's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .
0 at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .
1 a compelling journey ... and `` his best friend remembers '' is up there with the finest of specials .
1 a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know .
0 after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .
0 but buying into sham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie .
0 a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff .
0 the vampire thriller blade ii starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun -- toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout .
1 what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
0 it 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
0 the title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
0 a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .
0 nothing about it fits .
0 the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep .
0 ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
1 it 's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .
1 a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass .
1 it 's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
1 must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry .
1 does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
0 when the first few villians are introduced as `` spider '' and `` snake '' you know you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .
0 this is n't a `` friday '' worth waiting for .
0 maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .
0 even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
1 a wildly funny prison caper .
1 it 's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .
0 obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold !
0 nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .
0 unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me .
0 its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
0 when a film is created solely because it 's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result .
1 often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
1 there 's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
0 it 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
1 although very much like the first movie based on j.k. rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
1 merchant effectively translates naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
0 others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .
0 you 've seen them a million times .
1 the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross 's turn as ken .
0 nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .
1 message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ?
1 disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
0 first good , then bothersome .
0 adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
0 even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs. sever is a dumb action movie .
1 if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
0 ... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .
0 but this time there 's some mold on the gold .
1 a model of what films like this should be like .
0 a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title .
0 -lrb- t -rrb- hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the stepford wives mentality does n't work in a modern context .
1 a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil ' bow wow .
1 aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol 's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
1 a fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation .
1 a truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .
1 the hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
0 just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
1 when it really counts ... bloody sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .
0 ... with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time .
1 a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
0 nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
1 full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience .
0 you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production .
0 audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .
1 a perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .
1 as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled -lrb- literally and figuratively -rrb- by desire ... -lrb- sex and lucía -rrb- makes for an arousing good time .
1 a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
1 solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
1 for all its serious sense of purpose ... -lrb- it -rrb- finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
1 far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning .
1 despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
1 the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task .
0 the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .
1 it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .
0 the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you 're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller .
0 the thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker does n't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case .
0 as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .
0 it 's an awfully derivative story .
0 now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .
0 fails to bring as much to the table .
1 sturdy , entertaining period drama ... both caine and fraser have their moments .
0 focuses on joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century torture device .
1 there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema 's finest this year .
1 dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .
1 narc may not get an ` a ' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor .
1 the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
1 i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
0 a tv episode inflated past its natural length .
1 zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
0 the creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts ' haunting is routine .
1 it 's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .
1 celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat .
1 -lrb- davis -rrb- has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race .
0 enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
1 the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
0 watching trouble every day , at least if you do n't know what 's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .
1 rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding .
1 the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .
0 there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .
1 a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
0 an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .
0 the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it is n't exactly kiddie-friendly ... alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman -lrb- who never gets to play that flute -rrb- has all the charm of a meltdown .
0 marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess .
1 as teen movies go , `` orange county '' is a refreshing change
1 attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
0 with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .
0 a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
0 flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year 's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .
0 lame , haphazard teen comedy .
1 somewhat blurred , but kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
0 ... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
0 no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .
1 a slick , skillful little horror film .
1 there are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it 's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
1 more a load of enjoyable , conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent .
1 on the surface , it 's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz 's and kieslowski 's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique .
0 in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did .
1 it helps that lil bow wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
1 finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .
0 most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots .
0 began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course .
1 it 's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel ...
0 much of what is meant to be ` inspirational ' and ` uplifting ' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing -lrb- the movie 's -rrb- mindset .
1 but based on cq , i 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
1 disturbing and brilliant documentary .
0 chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it 's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
1 windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
1 what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness .
1 an exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .
0 the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .
0 alas , it 's neither .
0 ... this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
0 men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce .
1 not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .
1 it 's astonishing .
1 a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch .
1 a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .
1 a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .
0 between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
0 the central story lacks punch .
0 not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon '' .
0 a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .
1 a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
1 if you 're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
0 all in all , there 's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone .
0 it 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma .
1 we need -lrb- moore 's -rrb- noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .
1 roman coppola may never become the filmmaker his dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will .
1 gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
0 national lampoon 's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
0 the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected .
1 -lrb- broomfield -rrb- uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .
1 it 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .
0 has a plot full of twists upon knots ... and a nonstop parade of mock-tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .
0 there 's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .
1 a gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .
0 -lrb- it 's -rrb- a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .
1 there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
0 rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
0 if this is satire , it 's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook .
1 here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .
1 jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .
1 the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
0 murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .
1 but in imax 3-d , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
0 there 's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
0 the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath ...
1 ... a roller-coaster ride of a movie
0 just like hearst 's enormous yacht , it 's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .
1 tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
0 god help the poor woman if attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional yvan 's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse .
1 the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .
1 the story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue .
1 the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound .
1 hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
1 in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
0 while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy .
1 i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
0 lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .
0 oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven .
0 with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you do n't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .
0 marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
1 the movie 's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
0 the actors do n't inhabit their roles -- they 're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .
0 strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery .
0 vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship .
1 bow 's best moments are when he 's getting busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores .
0 a movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess .
0 but that 's just the problem with it - the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients .
1 who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .
0 it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .
0 sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution .
0 undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters .
0 some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn ... looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .
0 the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .
0 this time out , -lrb- sade -rrb- is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested .
1 a pleasant romantic comedy .
0 the director 's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship -lrb- most notably wretched sound design -rrb- .
1 must be seen to be believed .
1 ... a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
1 this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
0 birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
1 it 's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
0 it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning .
0 shot perhaps ` artistically ' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
0 it 's painful .
0 a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
1 as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .
1 morton is , as usual , brilliant .
0 the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .
0 ... a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
1 what could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters .
1 culkin , who 's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
1 for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man 's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out .
0 falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that are n't funny .
0 it wo n't be long before you 'll spy i spy at a video store near you .
1 an engaging overview of johnson 's eccentric career .
0 proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism ... and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report .
1 the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
0 this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
0 sorry , charlie
1 it 's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .
1 in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century ... takes kurys ' career to a whole new level .
0 the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .
0 the more kevin costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like dragonfly tossed at them .
0 ... -lrb- a -rrb- strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense .
0 blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor .
0 another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .
0 nothing denis has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .
1 led by griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
0 it 's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .
0 i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .
0 the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
1 he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality .
1 the movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
0 like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
1 is n't it great ?
1 enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .
1 this is as powerful a set of evidence as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
0 guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things .
1 the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
1 ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
1 the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book 's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .
0 some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
0 human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .
0 does n't amount to much of anything .
1 huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack .
1 an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .
1 lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
0 apallingly absurd ... the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable tv .
0 meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it 's so bad it 's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .
1 rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .
0 when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you 're in trouble .
0 this overproduced and generally disappointing effort is n't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd .
1 having never been a huge fan of dickens ' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath 's version .
0 the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction .
0 if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still would n't add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg .
0 the problem with this film is that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot .
0 it 's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .
0 the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .
0 so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .
1 a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .
0 i tried to read the time on my watch .
0 writer\/director john mckay ignites some charming chemistry between kate and jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastrous and kate 's jealous female friends become downright despicable .
0 the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun .
1 i like frank the pug , though .
0 an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .
1 an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution -- acted mostly by the actual people involved .
0 nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it .
0 would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .
1 an incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar -lrb- and peculiarly venomous -rrb- bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
1 lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i could n't help being captivated by it .
1 the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life .
1 it 's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia .
1 though the film 's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .
1 kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
1 perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
0 dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .
1 ... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
1 windtalkers blows this way and that , but there 's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
1 an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson .
0 ray liotta and jason patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled : nobody deserves any prizes here .
0 sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .
1 it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future .
0 the only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .
1 although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .
1 claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .
0 to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist .
1 the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .
1 daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .
1 it 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
1 this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak .
1 a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
1 there are a few stabs at absurdist comedy ... but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an iranian specialty .
0 for me , this opera is n't a favorite , so it 's a long time before the fat lady sings .
0 a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect .
0 and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy .
0 given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there is n't much .
1 `` antwone fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington .
1 succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series .
0 if you 're not the target demographic ... this movie is one long chick-flick slog .
0 the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .
0 the best you can say about it is it 's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
1 by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so .
1 after making several adaptations of other writers ' work , armenian-canadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .
0 all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure .
0 audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones .
0 ... just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .
0 i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha .
1 the film delivers not just the full assault of reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
0 one groan-inducing familiarity begets another .
0 john mctiernan 's botched remake may be subtler than norman jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga .
1 an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives .
1 a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
0 but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck 's film from coming together .
0 too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
0 the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
1 everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
1 the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .
1 a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
1 one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know was being taken .
1 mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun .
0 but i was n't .
1 though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
0 a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .
1 most impressive , though , is the film 's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters ' emotional wounds .
0 it 's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell .
0 it 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
1 credit must be given to harland williams , michael rosenbaum and barry watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
0 the piano teacher is the sort of movie that discourages american audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .
0 watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
1 a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
1 there 's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that 's what makes it irresistible .
1 a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with ... it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
1 this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese 's best in more than a decade .
1 for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
1 full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 2000
0 even the imaginative gore ca n't hide the musty scent of todd farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .
1 as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness .
0 the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .
0 made by jackasses for jackasses .
0 if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
0 pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
0 topkapi this is not .
1 but he somehow pulls it off .
0 bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
1 it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
1 a worthwhile way to spend two hours .
0 never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .
1 two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
1 -lrb- gai -rrb- comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .
1 a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
0 filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low .
0 then lower them a bit more .
0 i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
0 a very bad sign .
0 well , it does go on forever .
0 this is n't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it 's the cliffsnotes with pages missing .
1 it 's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you 're more than six years old .
0 fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
0 guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
1 it 's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh .
0 it 's the kind of movie you ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you ca n't bring yourself to dislike it .
1 an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .
0 john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
1 tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
1 this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .
0 a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last .
0 the film 's center will not hold .
1 it is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of stewart and hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle .
0 it 's also stupider .
0 none of these characters resembles anyone you 've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
1 sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .
1 a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
0 although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
0 ` abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definitely let dante 's gloomy words be your guide .
0 an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .
0 there 's not enough to sustain the comedy .
0 fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters .
0 the film is really not so much bad as bland .
0 schmaltzy and unfunny , adam sandler 's cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad , little nicky bad , 10 worst list bad .
1 a vivid cinematic portrait .
1 it 's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most american representations of castro .
1 the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .
1 it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
0 frenetic but not really funny .
1 sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open .
0 it 's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really does n't fit the part .
0 ritchie 's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact amber is such a joke .
1 this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first .
0 apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths .
1 andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , performance .
1 -lrb- anderson -rrb- uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .
1 this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border .
0 this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
1 dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .
1 from the big giant titles of the opening credits to elmer bernstein 's perfectly melodic score , haynes gets just about everything right .
0 watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .
1 as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
1 working from elliott 's memoir , rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character - and - relationship study he 's favored for decades .
1 watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .
0 intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
1 -lrb- a -rrb- rare , beautiful film .
0 ... the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .
0 suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum .
1 while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls ca n't swim .
0 opens as promising as any war\/adventure film you 'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` glory : a soldier 's story . ''
1 it 's -lrb- ricci 's -rrb- best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world 's misery with blind good will .
0 this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age .
1 evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children -- and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .
1 as expected , sayles ' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
0 too bad the former murphy brown does n't pop reese back .
1 it 's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
1 george clooney proves he 's quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us he 's a world-class actor with confessions of a dangerous mind .
1 ... mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .
1 the film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
1 a potent allegorical love story .
1 provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of todd solondz .
1 it 's endearing to hear madame d. refer to her husband as ` jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .
0 so few movies explore religion that it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
0 needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .
0 calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it 's more like entertainment for trolls .
1 it is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some .
1 it 's a movie -- and an album -- you wo n't want to miss .
0 now , if it only had a brain .
1 a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
0 like a south-of-the-border melrose place .
1 it 's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .
0 this series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie .
1 fans of behan 's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy .
1 everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
1 a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society .
1 although it 's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .
0 watching haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
0 once the audience figure out what 's being said , the filmmaker 's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
0 but like bruce springsteen 's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins .
1 stay clear of reminding yourself that it 's a `` true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
0 so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program .
1 in the process , they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .
1 though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium .
1 it 's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice .
0 like those to rome , all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawn 's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .
1 a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .
1 its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
0 a soggy , shapeless mess ... just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie .
0 there 's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .
1 achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
1 if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start .
0 but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
1 ... always remains movingly genuine .
0 maybe it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul `` full frontal '' seems , well , contrived .
0 the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .
0 schindler 's list it ai n't .
1 a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
0 let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
1 -lrb- a -rrb- superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene 's 1955 novel .
1 a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film .
0 no , it 's the repetition of said behavior , and so children of the century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else .
1 a comic gem with some serious sparkles .
0 desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .
1 the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
0 a bravura exercise in emptiness .
1 this concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned .
0 this one 's weaker than most .
1 a lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .
0 the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
0 i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .
0 a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin 's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison .
1 rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .
1 an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
1 another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
0 if you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce .
0 feels less like it 's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .
0 going to the website may be just as fun -lrb- and scary -rrb- as going to the film .
0 is this progress ?
0 for a shoot - 'em - up , ballistic is oddly lifeless .
1 one of the best of the year .
1 there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected -lrb- and gentle -rrb- way .
0 credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
0 looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter 's imagination .
1 a solidly seaworthy chiller .
0 when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever .
0 if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead .
0 still , i thought it could have been more .
1 a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard 's pyromania .
1 though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
0 like mike does n't win any points for originality .
1 ms. fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn .
1 the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
1 legendary irish writer brendan behan 's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .
1 at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it 's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
0 it 's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .
1 it 's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family .
1 it uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding .
1 if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones ' diary or high fidelity , then you wo n't want to miss about a boy .
1 katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
0 -lrb- it 's -rrb- difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .
1 a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars . '
0 but as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .
1 what 's next ?
0 frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .
0 showtime is closer to slowtime .
1 tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
1 britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
0 has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
1 an enchanting spectacular for potter fans anxious to ride the hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief .
1 it 's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
0 a real clunker .
0 the film seems a dead weight .
1 the voices are fine as well .
1 it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
0 an awkward and indigestible movie .
0 showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant `` if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome .
1 a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
0 but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
0 as your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
1 wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly -lrb- like one of hubert 's punches -rrb- , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .
0 the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
1 go see it and enjoy .
0 her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
1 chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
0 obstacles are too easily overcome and there is n't much in the way of character development in the script .
0 a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .
0 the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .
1 on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt .
0 pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .
1 this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man .
1 a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .
0 any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .
0 what parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
0 do n't let your festive spirit go this far .
1 eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work .
1 a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
0 a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy 's well-honed prima donna shtick .
1 an epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood .
0 preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
1 it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
0 the saturation bombing of reggio 's images and glass ' evocative music ... ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .
1 as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms. vardalos ' memories and insights .
1 a wonderful character-based comedy .
0 k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich .
0 do n't waste your money .
0 dreary , highly annoying ... ` some body ' will appeal to no one .
0 just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos .
1 a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive .
0 punish the vehicle to adore the star .
1 reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it 's still pretty tasty .
1 thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
1 it 's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave .
0 the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden .
0 the movie feels like it 's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens .
1 an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece .
1 a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
0 with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams writer\/director\/producer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
0 i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
0 -lrb- sen 's -rrb- soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
0 the stories here suffer from the chosen format .
1 ... a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous , starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
1 offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
1 a pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .
0 there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters .
0 at the bottom rung of the series ' entries .
1 whatever eyre 's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .
1 the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
0 despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like -lrb- seinfeld 's -rrb- revered tv show , about pretty much nothing .
1 mr. parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
1 the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
0 ... too dull to enjoy .
1 this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
0 characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
1 with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , lovely & amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
0 ... -lrb- like -rrb- channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie .
0 i hated every minute of it .
1 this is a very fine movie -- go see it .
1 this is n't my favorite in the series , still i enjoyed it enough to recommend .
0 a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
0 a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 -lrb- k -rrb- statement .
0 godawful boring slug of a movie .
1 provide -lrb- s -rrb- nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .
0 but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
1 once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .
1 it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
0 just because it really happened to you , honey , does n't mean that it 's interesting to anyone else .
1 hayek is stunning as frida and ... a star-making project .
0 about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie .
1 a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .
1 an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .
1 benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it 's dong jie 's face you remember at the end .
1 it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
0 the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan 's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year .
1 star wars is back in a major way .
1 unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such ` have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust ' movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz .
0 director nalin pan does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other .
0 the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky .
0 most of the action setups are incoherent .
1 compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
0 if you 're not into the pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open .
0 in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel .
0 the only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound .
0 winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults .
0 an instant candidate for worst movie of the year .
1 a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .
1 director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth .
1 good actress .
0 an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .
0 i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent , and that 's sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing .
0 on the right track to something that 's creepy and effective ... it 's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there .
0 if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil .
0 an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .
0 bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
0 however , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier disney efforts .
1 a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
1 it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
0 what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .
1 a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
0 instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .
1 like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
1 with danilo donati 's witty designs and dante spinotti 's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children 's movie -- if only benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role .
1 nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood .
0 i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
1 i loved looking at this movie .
1 binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles .
1 doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses damon 's ability to be focused and sincere .
1 the film 's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard ...
0 i wish i could say `` thank god it 's friday '' , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over .
1 lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
1 occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
1 `` men in black ii , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel .
1 this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio 's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .
1 yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .
1 a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
0 soul is what 's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself .
1 majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
1 an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
0 the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .
1 still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
1 woo 's fights have a distinct flair .
0 the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team .
0 ... has virtually no script at all ...
0 we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .
0 why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .
1 gloriously goofy -lrb- and gory -rrb- midnight movie stuff .
1 the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound .
1 at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...
1 nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...
1 throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
1 although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek 's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
1 at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
0 the story ... is moldy and obvious .
0 scotland , pa. is a strangely drab romp .
0 better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
1 ... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i 've seen in quite a long time .
0 denzel washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
0 despite a powerful portrayal by binoche , it 's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
1 she must have a very strong back .
1 we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
0 the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured -lrb- and torturing -rrb- artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .
1 an utterly compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
1 this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is .
0 not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .
1 -lrb- drumline -rrb- is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do .
0 the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect .
1 despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
1 noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
0 despite the premise of a good story ... it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
0 succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies .
1 watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
0 bears is bad .
0 any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes .
1 a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
1 the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .
0 i just did n't care as much for the story .
1 very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
0 while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .
0 the overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes .
0 pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .
0 if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he 'd have them mate .
0 still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
0 consider the title 's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .
1 leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
1 sam jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune .
0 a minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it 's sort of true and it 's sort of bogus and it 's ho-hum all the way through .
1 a taut , intelligent psychological drama .
1 barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
0 it settles for being merely grim .
1 a work of astonishing delicacy and force .
1 dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
1 a loving little film of considerable appeal .
0 watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .
0 a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
0 the problem is n't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .
0 can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
1 parker holds true to wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .
0 these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
0 if somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son , they 'd come up with something like bart freundlich 's world traveler .
0 new best friend should n't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video .
0 as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
0 i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .
1 -lrb- director peter -rrb- jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not .
1 ... ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion .
0 it does n't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .
0 -lrb- two -rrb- fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .
0 somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
0 their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i 'd hoped the movie would avoid .
1 the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace .
1 it 's still worth a look .
0 jolie 's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
0 never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .
0 although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result does n't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke .
1 a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
1 intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
0 too close to phantom menace for comfort .
1 without heavy-handedness , dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .
0 somehow we 're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become g.i. jane .
1 marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .
1 reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich .
0 the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .
1 more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
0 a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect .
0 the story 's so preposterous that i did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .
0 its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?
0 and forget about any attempt at a plot !
1 watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and sustains off the hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer .
1 ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...
0 all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
0 tom green just gives them a bad odor .
1 it 's obviously struck a responsive chord with many south koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world .
1 it has fun being grown up .
0 this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on .
1 children may not understand everything that happens -- i 'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
1 a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan 's heroes star bob crane .
0 this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .
0 the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
1 the long-range appeal of `` minority report '' should transcend any awards it bags .
1 the film starts out as competent but unremarkable ... and gradually grows into something of considerable power .
0 ihops do n't pile on this much syrup .
1 a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
1 the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .
0 this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
1 sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna does n't suck as an actress .
0 the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
0 much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .
0 disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
0 flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams .
0 unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it .
0 the movie gets muted and routine .
0 madonna still ca n't act a lick .
0 if you 're not a prepubescent girl , you 'll be laughing at britney spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
1 some actors have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book .
1 energetic and boldly provocative .
0 not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
1 the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
0 i 'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes .
1 occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao .
1 awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .
0 the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd .
0 a lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
0 flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind .
1 with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
0 if this is an example of the type of project that robert redford 's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it 's time to rethink independent films .
1 a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh .
1 while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying .
1 remarkably accessible and affecting .
0 writhing under dialogue like ` you 're from two different worlds ' and ` tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
1 this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .
0 plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .
0 will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings .
0 credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .
0 director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a french poodle .
0 it 's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins .
1 but it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
0 francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .
0 -lrb- plays -rrb- in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
0 one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight .
0 a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits still ca n't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .
1 this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format .
0 an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job ...
0 will only satisfy those who ca n't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly .
1 if this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you ca n't wait to see what happens next .
0 ` dragonfly ' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .
1 -lrb- villeneuve -rrb- seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
0 rather , you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
0 feel bad for king , who 's honestly trying , and schwartzman , who 's shot himself in the foot .
0 involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .
1 for benigni it was n't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio .
0 starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
1 together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
0 de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
1 the film 's real appeal wo n't be to clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
1 guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
0 unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson 's perspective as a storyteller .
1 at about 95 minutes , treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
0 this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982 's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
0 so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .
0 there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .
1 a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
0 a great idea becomes a not-great movie .
1 an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u.s. relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
0 its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
0 demme 's loose approach kills the suspense .
1 harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories .
1 steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it .
1 this is what imax was made for : strap on a pair of 3-d goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .
0 but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
0 the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .
1 ... if you 're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
1 a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
1 there are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
0 ... hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
0 ... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
0 consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g
1 a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
0 the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film 's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .
0 imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs .
1 smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
0 with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious .
0 an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
0 uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .
0 the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no. 1 , but falls apart long before the end .
0 earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .
1 tailored to entertain !
1 in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
1 the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .
1 the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
1 a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member .
0 if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?
1 the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .
1 an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
1 fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply .
0 the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .
1 it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .
1 branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .
1 a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
0 the screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .
1 a beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
0 he 'd create a movie better than this .
0 my response to the film is best described as lukewarm .
1 diane lane shines in unfaithful .
0 drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .
1 thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .
0 extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it 's still a mistake to go see it .
0 an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
1 ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
1 ... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
1 as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .
0 aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
1 chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
1 fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way ... that feels very human and very true to life .
1 a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
0 or some damn thing .
0 its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller .
0 its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces ... are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half .
1 there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market .
0 creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .
1 without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen .
1 a sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
1 the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
0 ... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
0 this is pretty dicey material .
0 the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences .
1 subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius .
1 -lrb- a -rrb- hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning ... -lrb- but -rrb- lohman 's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer ...
0 it does n't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .
1 ... blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .
0 there 's suspension of disbelief and then there 's bad screenwriting ... this film packs a wallop of the latter .
0 an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
0 the problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie .
0 safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull 's - eye .
0 a film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick .
0 but here 's the real damn : it is n't funny , either .
